Im 23 so is my sister shes about to have her 2nd kid which is going to be my first nephew. Close to about 2 weeks ago she txted all the brothers/sisters to please quarantine before coming to see the baby and not go behind her back and to be honest. So Ive done just that Ive taken Covid pretty seriously and have had little contact with the outside world so her asking to quarantine was something Ive pretty much been doing. A couple days ago a buddy of mine asked if I wanted to go grab a bite to eat with him on Saturday to which I responded with Id have to see if I can let me see. I thought the courteous thing to do was not just go behind my sisters back and see him even though I know hes been just as cautious about Covid as I have. So before I committed to anything I went ahead and texted my sister this Hey sis I dont want to go behind your back and hide this from you so I wanted to txt you first. Ive quarantined pretty much since you txted asking us to quarantine. Tomorrow my friend wants to meet up just me and him and hangout for a couple hours. Hes the only one Ive hung out with since this whole thing started because hes taken Covid seriously like you and I have so I trust him. Would you be comfortable with me still coming to see my nephew next week if I go to see my friend? Its totally up to you I want you to feel safe 100 and obviously going to see my new born nephew is a top priority for me. I promise you though my friend has been super safe like us I wouldnt go if he wasnt. This was last night she ignored it. I looked in the family group text we have and she was responding in there so I thought to myself maybe she just forgot to respond or didnt see it? I mean shes due on Wednesday or Thursday of next week so I gave her the benefit of the doubt. I txted her again today at 2 PM Hey sis did you get the txt? No response again and its been 5 hours. Clearly shes just ignoring it which Im not sure why I feel like I did nothing wrong here. AITA? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Clarification. Are you asking if youre the asshole for asking permission? Or did you go see your friend without hearing back and wondering if that makes you an AH? NAH. Youre asking just like she asked you to. She probably feels really torn and scared. Maybe call her instead of just relying on text messages tho. NTA. It's quite courteous of you to ask in advance and to follow up. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Im 23 so is my sister shes about to have her 2nd kid which is going to be my first nephew. Close to about 2 weeks ago she txted all the brothers/sisters to please quarantine before coming to see the baby and not go behind her back and to be honest. So Ive done just that Ive taken Covid pretty seriously and have had little contact with the outside world so her asking to quarantine was something Ive pretty much been doing. A couple days ago a buddy of mine asked if I wanted to go grab a bite to eat with him on Saturday to which I responded with Id have to see if I can let me see. I thought the courteous thing to do was not just go behind my sisters back and see him even though I know hes been just as cautious about Covid as I have. So before I committed to anything I went ahead and texted my sister this Hey sis I dont want to go behind your back and hide this from you so I wanted to txt you first. Ive quarantined pretty much since you txted asking us to quarantine. Tomorrow my friend wants to meet up just me and him and hangout for a couple hours. Hes the only one Ive hung out with since this whole thing started because hes taken Covid seriously like you and I have so I trust him. Would you be comfortable with me still coming to see my nephew next week if I go to see my friend? Its totally up to you I want you to feel safe 100 and obviously going to see my new born nephew is a top priority for me. I promise you though my friend has been super safe like us I wouldnt go if he wasnt. This was last night she ignored it. I looked in the family group text we have and she was responding in there so I thought to myself maybe she just forgot to respond or didnt see it? I mean shes due on Wednesday or Thursday of next week so I gave her the benefit of the doubt. I txted her again today at 2 PM Hey sis did you get the txt? No response again and its been 5 hours. Clearly shes just ignoring it which Im not sure why I feel like I did nothing wrong here. AITA?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NAH. She has every right to be concerned about the health of her family and newborn baby and you are not doing anything wrong by asking. If you do end up visiting your friend with permission from your sister wait a few days and then take a rapid COVID test if that's available where you live.Another option... just postpone your meeting until after the baby is born? Why is this lunch date more important than meeting your nephew? Maybe she's in labor? A week or two early isn't that crazy On top of that she's so close to birth shes stressed and extremely uncomfortable probably not the time to ask if you want to see the baby YTA she's about to give birth.  She told you the rules about seeing her new baby.  Your asking permission to break the rules while she's trying to give birth during a pandemic? You're an adult.  You can make your own decisions  and you best be honest with her.  Just by asking you're putting more unnecessary stress on her.  Her ignoring your text should be your answer  why burden her more with forcing the issue? Your friend can wait. Let your family know they're important and postpone your lunch date. Throwaway acc When I turned 14 my mother didnt get me not a thing for my birthday not even a cake. You see my mom wasnt fair to me mainly because I resemble my father a lot You look just like him. You make me sick! Is what she always use to say. Then my younger brother birthday came around I remember he got Jordan Retro 6s. I remember asking her why didnt I get anything for my birthday? She said Money was at the time Later that night I waited for everyone to go to sleep and I took a knife I completely shredded my brothers shoes then I threw them in the my dogs cage making it look like she chewed them up really bad. Then I yelled TORI NO! they but came running down the stairs then I told that she got the shoes. My brother was so upset he was crying. When I saw him it got to me started to feel bad But I was sick of wearing sandals to school everyday I got bully for that shit. So I destroyed his shoes. (Sorry for the bad grammar. I had to rush) Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YTA just because you didn't get that doesn't mean you need to destroy it for him just don't life is unfair one day ur boss will favor someone else over you you won't kill that person because he got a raise and you didn't never do that it made him sad you aren't mad at him ur mad at your mother always remember that it's not his fault Yes YTA. Your brother didnt do anything to deserve it did he? No. He cant control what your mother buys him. YTA obviously. With misplaced anger you punished your brother for something your mom did. Yta you hate how your mother is acting correct? Then don't act that way to your brother. I'd say you should save up money to get him a new pair of the shoes. Esh except the 6 year old. WTF? How are you so lacking a moral compass to even wonder if what you did was wrong? YTA but your mum is also TA but your brother did nothing WHat a troll AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Throwaway acc When I turned 14 my mother didnt get me not a thing for my birthday not even a cake. You see my mom wasnt fair to me mainly because I resemble my father a lot You look just like him. You make me sick! Is what she always use to say. Then on my younger brother birthday came around I remember he got Jordan Retro 6s. I remember asking her why didnt I get anything for my birthday? She said Money was at the time Later that night I waited for everyone to go to sleep and I took a knife I completely shredded my brothers shoes then I threw them in the my dogs cage making it look like he chewed them up really bad. Then I yelled TORI NO! they but came running down the stairs then I told that he got the shoes. My brother was so upset he was crying. When I saw him it got to me started to feel bad But I was sick of wearing sandals to school everyday I got bully for that shit. So I destroyed his shoes. (Sorry for the bad grammar. I had to rush)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YTA. Think about it:You got nothing so you destroyed your brother's birthday gift.That is entitlement on your behalf. Grow up and buy him new ones. 10/10 troll rating. the sibling ones are boringYTA for such a bad post I think you probably behaved badly in the situation but also I think its harsh to label you an arsehole. It sounds like your mother is quite abusive and when a kid grows up in that kind of environment it leaves emotional scars. I think your anger and hurt and upset sounds really justified but taking it out on your brother's birthday gift wasn't fair. Honestly I think the arsehole here is your mother to be honest. If your situation is as abusive as it sounds I really hope you find a way out and that you get some therapy to help with constructive ways of expressing anger/pain. YTA. Your mother wasn't nice but you're not entitled to anything but the bare necessities from your parents in terms of material goods and if this is how you act you honestly deserve what you got for your birthday (nothing). Congratulations on making your brother cry and vindicating your mother's feeling that you make her sick. You make me sick too. Feel lost and confused with life at the moment. MA student living with my dad and step mum having spent the past 3 years living away during my undergrad (M22: UK) I had a part time job but not since lockdown so money is tight especially since a lot of it was spent on train travel to uni prior.Since lockdown things got weirder and weirder. April I was somehow misled into picking up a phone bill (I was asked few months earlier if I wanted a bigger plan as part of my birthday I said that was great). Dad played it off as us getting online accounts sorted somehow entered my card details now Im being charged monthly (still trying to figure how I let this one pass me by without some clarity). Ok whatever...next was some bits of food going from some fresh stuff to ready meals to purely frozen food to nothing. I dont mind getting my own stuff I cook myself since Im the only one who can and theyre both vegan so they do they I do me thats fine but some heads up would be nice. Now 3 weeks from my dissertation deadline my dad has decided to dock my internet cutting it off at 11 and it coming back from around 69 (depends on when he gets up). This one bemuses me. He says I should be in bed asleep not using internet but I try to explain that I sometimes work a bit late or I like to read in bed I.e online books because the uni library isnt open (right?) or you know music and stuff  he just smirks and says but you should be asleep. I cant get through to him and I feel like Im somehow in the wrong for something. Feel not wanted and considering moving to my mothers to get some stability and social normality because right now I feel very lost. Weird one yeah and Im well aware these things are extremely first world and I understand and remain fully grounded on that. Nevertheless I do feel like a rift is growing between me and my dad and it saddens me that hes not at the least being supportive or taking any kind of interest in my degree this close to the end. TLDR: lost and bemused at dad docking internet at a time when I really need it most (dissertation deadline) among other nuanced incidents that make me feel unwanted. Am I an asshole for expecting different here? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Info: are you picking up everyone's phone line or just your own and is there student assistance you could be getting but aren't? I'm going with NTA. There's nothing wrong with them wanting you to contribute phone money and food although they should have been upfront about it. The last part is what really gets me. This isn't about money it's also about control now. You're an adult and can set your own sleeping schedule providing you aren't waking up others by being extremely loud. I think you're right and they may be trying to subtly get you out. You're NTA. I had to remind myself I wasn't on r/nosleep this post is so creepy.  Get out of that house.  Of course NTA! NTA I think your father is trying to sabotage your studies so you will be forced to stay home under his control .RUN Info: Can you simply ask why? You're 22. Telling you when to go to sleep is rather ridiculous. If he's passively aggressively to leave he can put it into words. It's true that he could easily lie because he doesn't want to 'be the bad guy' and would rather drive you out without saying it but he might. Otherwise if your mother's house is an option and you'll be happier there go. Life's too short to feel like this. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Feel lost and confused with life at the moment. MA student living with my dad and step mum having spent the past 3 years living away during my undergrad (M22: UK) I had a part time job but not since lockdown so money is tight especially since a lot of it was spent on train travel to uni prior.Since lockdown things got weirder and weirder. April I was somehow misled into picking up a phone bill (I was asked few months earlier if I wanted a bigger plan as part of my birthday I said that was great). Dad played it off as us getting online accounts sorted somehow entered my card details now Im being charged monthly (still trying to figure how I let this one pass me by without some clarity). Ok whatever...next was some bits of food going from some fresh stuff to ready meals to purely frozen food to nothing. I dont mind getting my own stuff I cook myself since Im the only one who can and theyre both vegan so they do they I do me thats fine but some heads up would be nice. Now 3 weeks from my dissertation deadline my dad has decided to dock my internet cutting it off at 11 and it coming back from around 69 (depends on when he gets up). This one bemuses me. He says I should be in bed asleep not using internet but I try to explain that I sometimes work a bit late or I like to read in bed I.e online books because the uni library isnt open (right?) or you know music and stuff  he just smirks and says but you should be asleep. I cant get through to him and I feel like Im somehow in the wrong for something. Feel not wanted and considering moving to my mothers to get some stability and social normality because right now I feel very lost. Weird one yeah and Im well aware these things are extremely first world and I understand and remain fully grounded on that. Nevertheless I do feel like a rift is growing between me and my dad and it saddens me that hes not at the least being supportive or taking any kind of interest in my degree this close to the end. TLDR: lost and bemused at dad docking internet at a time when I really need it most (dissertation deadline) among other nuanced incidents that make me feel unwanted. Am I an asshole for expecting different here?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NAH  if you paying for your own phone bill and groceries is fine with you (as it should be you're an adult) then why mention it? their house their decisions; them not catering to you doesn't necessarily mean that they don't support you So for some context my (37F) Mother has some serious deep rooted emotional problems brought on by an insanely strict upbringing. It was one of the many reasons for her divorce with my Father about five years ago and has continued to cause her a lot of problems feeling safe to discuss her depression and anxiety. Finally after the divorce she decided that she wanted to explore herself more and liberate herself of a lot of pent up feelings by freely discussing them with me and my little brother. Honestly I could not be more proud of her. I'm thrilled to finally have both of my parents thriving without each other and it makes me glad to see them happy. My mom has since gotten married to a guy that treats her well and makes her happy but he's been having a lot of seizures lately which has been stressing her out which leads me to...The problem. I (17F) too have a lot of mental and emotional problems (bipolar depression and anxiety) and therefore need to talk about these things as well. Me and my mom have always butted heads and all of the added stress from the current situation haven't helped. We're both the silent seething types so full blown arguments are a rarity but so are calm discussions. Still I try my best to talk through our issues as I don't want to be on bad terms with her and therefore these emotional discussions have been happening more often. At first all was well. I would tell her what I had to say state things that she could do that might help and things I could do that might help. Then after what we had sat down to discuss was done we would throw out anything else on our minds while we were already sat down and talking. Unfortunately things have been taking an uncomfortable turn... With all of the stress of Stepdad's seizures and my moms growing distaste for "back talk" it has been harder and harder for me to finish with what I have to say before she turns it on herself and she starts getting defensive.Listen I hear her and I want to here what she has to say really. But. She can do on her own time. Not mine. In her eyes she's standing up for herself and it scares me to think that she may think that I'm attacking her the way her parents or my dad did. Is there a way I can bring this up without sounding mean? Would I be the asshole? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NAH. It sounds like open and honest communication is an uncharted territory for both of you. I think it's fine for you to tell her that you feel invalidated not listened to whatever it is you feel when she turns the subject onto her. But she is also new to this game so she probably doesn't realize what she's doing. Say what you need to say say it nicely. Best of luck to your whole family in improving communication and relations. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)So for some context my (37F) Mother has some serious deep rooted emotional problems brought on by an insanely strict upbringing. It was one of the many reasons for her divorce with my Father about five years ago and has continued to cause her a lot of problems feeling safe to discuss her depression and anxiety. Finally after the divorce she decided that she wanted to explore herself more and liberate herself of a lot of pent up feelings by freely discussing them with me and my little brother. Honestly I could not be more proud of her. I'm thrilled to finally have both of my parents thriving without each other and it makes me glad to see them happy. My mom has since gotten married to a guy that treats her well and makes her happy but he's been having a lot of seizures lately which has been stressing her out which leads me to...The problem. I (17F) too have a lot of mental and emotional problems (bipolar depression and anxiety) and therefore need to talk about these things as well. Me and my mom have always butted heads and all of the added stress from the current situation haven't helped. We're both the silent seething types so full blown arguments are a rarity but so are calm discussions. Still I try my best to talk through our issues as I don't want to be on bad terms with her and therefore these emotional discussions have been happening more often. At first all was well. I would tell her what I had to say state things that she could do that might help and things I could do that might help. Then after what we had sat down to discuss was done we would throw out anything else on our minds while we were already sat down and talking. Unfortunately things have been taking an uncomfortable turn... With all of the stress of Stepdad's seizures and my moms growing distaste for "back talk" it has been harder and harder for me to finish with what I have to say before she turns it on herself and she starts getting defensive.Listen I hear her and I want to here what she has to say really. But. She can do on her own time. Not mine. In her eyes she's standing up for herself and it scares me to think that she may think that I'm attacking her the way her parents or my dad did. Is there a way I can bring this up without sounding mean? Would I be the asshole?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NAH. your both going through some stuff and not handling it 100 ideally. Which is completely normal.Having gone through some weird relationship stuff with my mom at about your age I would suggest this: tell her you want to talk and preface the conversation with a statement like "I'm asking you to listen to me without interrupting and understand I'm not trying to attack you." Then explain how you feel about this. Maybe work towards having an understand that you guys can sit and talk to each other with one person talking about their problems first then the other gets their time.It may take time. My mom got really defensive the first time I tried to explain to her my point of view on our relationship but later seemed to start to understand and make some changes. A good friend and I met a pair of women at a pool hall and next thing you know were going out on double dates frequently with these girls. A month or so later the girl I'm seeing and my friend both stop returning my calls im not dum I can put 2 and 2 together. I'm torn up about it since it was not that much time invested. I run into my friend a week or so later and we start talking he tells me him and the girl are dating and I tell him I'm cool with it. Later in the conversation I ask him if he has kissed her lately he replies Yes. I ask him jokingly how's my dick taste and thats it never hear from him again. So am I wrong was my joke over the line? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. You are a huge asshole. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)A good friend and I met a pair of women at a pool hall and next thing you know were going out on double dates frequently with these girls. A month or so later the girl I'm seeing and my friend both stop returning my calls im not dum I can put 2 and 2 together. I'm torn up about it since it was not that much time invested. I run into my friend a week or so later and we start talking he tells me him and the girl are dating and I tell him I'm cool with it. Later in the conversation I ask him if he has kissed her lately he replies Yes. I ask him jokingly how's my dick taste and thats it never hear from him again. So am I wrong was my joke over the line?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YTA and gross YTA. That's disgusting mate. YTA. Not a shocker why your partner bailed on you if that's your sense of humor with someone you don't know that well. That kind of humor is reserved for very specific instances where it's stupidly evident that all parties involved in the humor accept it without reluctance and this clearly wasn't one of those cases. Learn to read an audience or continue to be deemed intolerable by most people. So for context Im a part of a rp discord server. Basically a pirate rp. There was one girl who played a neko (it was fantasy) and apparently I ignored a message she sent (its a busy server) so she waited until I was alone in the lower deck and basically attacked me. Like cut me tried to k!ll me the whole nine yards. So there was a big argument in the ooc chat and I left. I ended up telling the captain that if he wants me to come back then it boils down to her or me because I didnt like her anyway and she always tried making the rp about her. They ended up kicking her out and adding me back but now I feel bad about it. Aita?Tdlr: got attacked in a rp because I ignored someone got her kicked out feel bad about it.Edit: Captain First Mate and I were talking last night and they both said they wanted to kick her a while ago but didnt know how to. Ig shes always been like this. I was just added to the server last week Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)So for context Im a part of a rp discord server. Basically a pirate rp. There was one girl who played a neko (it was fantasy) and apparently I ignored a message she sent (its a busy server) so she waited until I was alone in the lower deck and basically attacked me. Like cut me tried to k!ll me the whole nine yards. So there was a big argument in the ooc chat and I left. I ended up telling the captain that if he wants me to come back then it boils down to her or me because I didnt like her anyway and she always tried making the rp about her. They ended up kicking her out and adding me back but now I feel bad about it. Aita?Tdlr: got attacked in a rp because I ignored someone got her kicked out feel bad about it.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. ESH her for not reaching out when you ignored her and you for giving ultimatums ESH she killed you as part of the RP you shouldnt scheme to do things to her outside of it. That said she seems attention seeking and the captain and first mate should have acted like adults and warned her of her behavior before kicking her if she continued. Poor communication all around. My boyfriend 25M and I 24F both decided to start taking classes for a programming degree. His classes started before mine because we are going to different school. While he was out for a short trip I thought it would be nice to get his laptop set up on my desk with an extended monitor so that he could do his homework when he got back and I wanted to see if he liked the extra screen. I plugged in the monitor and then put his eBook on the second display so that he could view his book on one screen and assignments on the other. I then took it a step further and opened up one of the HTML links he would need for one of the upcoming subchapters that was in the module instructions. He came back to find me sitting at my desk on his computer. He expressed that he was mad that I started opening his assignments (which were already open all I did was move the tab to the other monitor. The only thing I opened was the HTML file which he was basically ready to click to open anyways). I am extremely sensitive and when he said this I understood but I was embarrassed that my plan with good intentions ended up backfiring and I couldnt help but cry. So not wanting to sit there and cry I told him that I was sorry and I made my way to the bathroom to calm down. He tried to come in and I told him that I just needed a minute. He then asked if he should just leave (we dont live together) and I asked him to please not leave that I just needed a minute. When I came out I explained to him that I was embarrassed because I was trying to do something nice and it backfired. He stood there for a while and I finally asked him what he was thinking and he said I dont get why you cry when youre wrong about something just accept it and move on I completely understand after he explained that theyre his assignments and he should be the one familiarizing himself with them. My reaction was because I was really excited to let him use my set up and then it was squashed when I realized that I went a little too far and I wasnt actually helping him. Not because I was wrong. But since he said that I cant help but feel like I was completely invalidated. So I guess the question is am I the asshole for having that reaction? TL;DR: I opened my boyfriends class assignments on a dual screen so that he could do his school work but he was upset because he wants to be the one getting familiar with opening his assignments. I felt embarrassed and couldnt control my reaction to cry. He told me that he didnt understand why I cried because I was wrong that I should just accept it and move on. Boyfriend is aware Im deeply sensitive. AITA? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NAHYou wanted to do something nice and didn't realize the outside perspective of what it looked like without context.He wanted to make sure his education was about his education and what he learned and didn't realize the perspective of what it looked like with YOUR context. NAHI have a feeling its not that your BF actually was upset at opening assignments he was more upset at the lack of privacy or boundaries. If I came home and someone even if they were my SO was on my computer I'd be going WTF. As to you crying when you get into a situation of conflict it's not an asshole thing but you do need to learn how to not. People tend to not know what to do or take it negatively which only makes things worse. If a coworker I knew burst into tears every time I caught a mistake or found something they did wrong i wouldn't want to work with them for long. NAH but Im not sure why your boyfriend needs to familiarise himself with opening files when hes doing a programming degree? Not wanting people to use your computer is fine but he should already be pretty familiar with opening things? Youll be happier when you start to work through getting very upset to the point of crying at small mistakes. Youre totally allowed to be upset though and hes totally allowed to be annoyed you went through his personal computer. No ill will o either side so no assholes here NAH Im a very easy cryer and it was even worse when I was your age. I know that it can be very disconcerting to people. Maybe try to explain that crying isnt really an indication of how upset you are. Where other people may only cry at the death of a loved one you cry because of minor things and its not something you can just turn off. I feel for you though it really really sucks in professional situations. YTA. I dont care that this is an unpopular take.  But I have been married 25 years.  I would not appreciate it if my husband set up my computer a different way without discussing it opened my computer and set up my work. I also wouldnt do the same to him. A persons computer is their personal space.  You invaded his without asking.  You may have had good intentions.  You may have thought you were doing a cool thing. But clearly it wasnt.  You messed up.  You cried. I think you may have cried as much because you anticipated him being happy and grateful and he wasnt so you were disappointed as well. NAH. You tried to be nice but went about it thoughtlessly. His reaction was not unreasonable. You can work this out. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)My boyfriend 25M and I 24F both decided to start taking classes for a programming degree. His classes started before mine because we are going to different school. While he was out for a short trip I thought it would be nice to get his laptop set up on my desk with an extended monitor so that he could do his homework when he got back and I wanted to see if he liked the extra screen. I plugged in the monitor and then put his eBook on the second display so that he could view his book on one screen and assignments on the other. I then took it a step further and opened up one of the HTML links he would need for one of the upcoming subchapters that was in the module instructions. He came back to find me sitting at my desk on his computer. He expressed that he was mad that I started opening his assignments (which were already open all I did was move the tab to the other monitor. The only thing I opened was the HTML file which he was basically ready to click to open anyways). I am extremely sensitive and when he said this I understood but I was embarrassed that my plan with good intentions ended up backfiring and I couldnt help but cry. So not wanting to sit there and cry I told him that I was sorry and I made my way to the bathroom to calm down. He tried to come in and I told him that I just needed a minute. He then asked if he should just leave (we dont live together) and I asked him to please not leave that I just needed a minute. When I came out I explained to him that I was embarrassed because I was trying to do something nice and it backfired. He stood there for a while and I finally asked him what he was thinking and he said I dont get why you cry when youre wrong about something just accept it and move on I completely understand after he explained that theyre his assignments and he should be the one familiarizing himself with them. My reaction was because I was really excited to let him use my set up and then it was squashed when I realized that I went a little too far and I wasnt actually helping him. Not because I was wrong. But since he said that I cant help but feel like I was completely invalidated. So I guess the question is am I the asshole for having that reaction? TL;DR: I opened my boyfriends class assignments on a dual screen so that he could do his school work but he was upset because he wants to be the one getting familiar with opening his assignments. I felt embarrassed and couldnt control my reaction to cry. He told me that he didnt understand why I cried because I was wrong that I should just accept it and move on. Boyfriend is aware Im deeply sensitive. AITA?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. People saying NAH are wrong.  It is NEVER nice to do something with someone's personal possessions without their prior permission. I struggle with this with my husband and now my sons. They think it's nice to grab my purse when we were all leaving to go somewhere and go sit in the car and I spent 20 minutes looking and getting angry.  If you want to be nice ask how you can help. Oh for crying out loud you did nothing wrong! So NTA. It's not like you accidentally deleted his assignments or dug into his DMs. You were doing a nice thing for him and he had to be an utter tool and make you feel bad for it. You have every right to be hurt by his reaction. It's nice of you to apologize for stepping on whatever of his toes he thinks you injured but he really needs to stop being so precious and learn to understand that when someone does something sweet and kind for you you say thank you and don't crap on them. He sounds like a jerk if you ask me. NTA You only wanted to help him. Even if he was upset about it he could've been nicer about it I guess. NTA he was angry that you opened??? his assignments? Is he actually serious? If he wants to get familiar with opening his assignments he can just close them and open them again. His comment to you was really rude imo he doesn't understand why you cried because you were wrong and that you should just move on? I don't understand why he was upset when there was nothing to be upset about. Me and my sister have had a very rough past which includes her mentally and verbally abusing me my whole life up until she moved out 5 years ago. Shes 24 Im 18.She came into town this week on Monday issues didnt arise until Friday the day before my birthday. Heres what happened She came into the living room with food and as she sat down she asked me to get her water bottle. I said no because she just came from the kitchen and I was busy (I realize I couldve done her the favor but still) She proceeds to tell me that she hates me Im a piece of shit ungrateful and that she always does me favors. Afterwards she would come into my room throughout the day to insult me on anything she could think of spanning from my personality to saying I was neglecting my dog (not true) While Im cleaning my room later that night she comes in asking if Im going to hang outside with her and the rest of the family and I tell her after I finish cleaning. She insults me and said that shes going to bed early and wont wish me a happy birthday tomorrow. The next morning I wake up and overhear a conversation shes having with my dad I couldnt understand much but I what I did hear was her yelling that she doesnt care about my birthday and making a scene.She comes into my room around 2 hours later to talk with me. She calls me selfish and inconsiderate and heres why. She said I was selfish because I couldnt print some important papers for my dad. My printer is pretty broken itll only work 1/3 of the time and its a hassle to get anything done with it. So I suggested to go to fedex and get it printed. I guess that made her upset because my slack always falls upon her. What she doesnt know is that I did get the printer to work that morning and resolved that whole issue but I get why she brought it up.I was inconsiderate because I didnt want to go to her house for her birthday. She lives 7 hours away very long road trip but I would be fine with taking it. The problem is I have a 5 month old puppy who still isnt potty trained because of medical reasons. I told her that I didnt have a dog sitter. I also couldnt take my dog on such a long road trip because she would pee every 30 minutes to an hour.My family had a discussion about the road trip where I explained this and we agreed that I would stay home for the weekend while both of my parents took the trip with my sister to celebrate her birthday at her house. My parents cancelled on her and gave an excuse when in fact they just wanted to surprise her. She blamed me for our parents decision. I told her that her feelings are valid but I didnt think that purposefully trying to ruin my mood before/during my birthday was okay. She started insulting me and I had enough I told her to get out of my room. She told me that she hates me Im dead to her shes never coming down to see me again and more insults. WIBTA if I cut her off completely after these events since shes my only sibling? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. I can guarantee that she will come back ask for you to come back into her life and you will fall back into a toxic relationship with her. The best thing to do would be to cut off contact with her and try to talk to your parents about it so they know not to give her any of your contact information. NTA  She sounds jealous toxic controlling and abusive. You don't actually have to cop that behavior from anybody regardless of what title or relationship they have with you. Actions tend to have consequences and if she treats you so poorly the logical natural consequence is that you aren't going to want to continue to have a relationship and that's not because you are an asshole it's because Sister made the choice to treat you badly.You don't ever HAVE to be the doormat of an abusive person. NTA. Idk what happened to your sister that she is that damaged that she needs to treat you like shit but thats what it is. You are entirely allowed to cut her off. She blames you for shit that isnt your fault and says horrible things. Cut cut cut. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Me and my sister have had a very rough past which includes her mentally and verbally abusing me my whole life up until she moved out 5 years ago. Shes 24 Im 18.She came into town this week on Monday issues didnt arise until Friday the day before my birthday. Heres what happened She came into the living room with food and as she sat down she asked me to get her water bottle. I said no because she just came from the kitchen and I was busy (I realize I couldve done her the favor but still) She proceeds to tell me that she hates me Im a piece of shit ungrateful and that she always does me favors. Afterwards she would come into my room throughout the day to insult me on anything she could think of spanning from my personality to saying I was neglecting my dog (not true) While Im cleaning my room later that night she comes in asking if Im going to hang outside with her and the rest of the family and I tell her after I finish cleaning. She insults me and said that shes going to bed early and wont wish me a happy birthday tomorrow. The next morning I wake up and overhear a conversation shes having with my dad I couldnt understand much but I what I did hear was her yelling that she doesnt care about my birthday and making a scene.She comes into my room around 2 hours later to talk with me. She calls me selfish and inconsiderate and heres why. She said I was selfish because I couldnt print some important papers for my dad. My printer is pretty broken itll only work 1/3 of the time and its a hassle to get anything done with it. So I suggested to go to fedex and get it printed. I guess that made her upset because my slack always falls upon her. What she doesnt know is that I did get the printer to work that morning and resolved that whole issue but I get why she brought it up.I was inconsiderate because I didnt want to go to her house for her birthday. She lives 7 hours away very long road trip but I would be fine with taking it. The problem is I have a 5 month old puppy who still isnt potty trained because of medical reasons. I told her that I didnt have a dog sitter. I also couldnt take my dog on such a long road trip because she would pee every 30 minutes to an hour.My family had a discussion about the road trip where I explained this and we agreed that I would stay home for the weekend while both of my parents took the trip with my sister to celebrate her birthday at her house. My parents cancelled on her and gave an excuse when in fact they just wanted to surprise her. She blamed me for our parents decision. I told her that her feelings are valid but I didnt think that purposefully trying to ruin my mood before/during my birthday was okay. She started insulting me and I had enough I told her to get out of my room. She told me that she hates me Im dead to her shes never coming down to see me again and more insults. WIBTA if I cut her off completely after these events since shes my only sibling?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. But I wouldnt necessarily cut her off completely. I would just go NC for awhile and give her some space. Let her contact you first. NTA I mean she's cutting you off herself by telling you she won't visit again. If she does you wrong I don't see the reason as to why you shouldn't. It's your own choice and even if your parents keep in contact with her you shouldn't let them influence you. Eh. I dont think youd be the asshole. I'd just cut off any discussion with her.  If she comes to you with insults stop what you're doing put your hands in your lap and just stare at her until shes done talking dont say ANYTHING. even if she gets worked up and starts picking at you more. Give her your full attention but dont offer her anything to work with this works with tons of people if you dont offer anything but keep nodding and looking interested they'll talk themselves in fucking circles its hilarious. Still do stuff for your parents of course but shes a whole ass adult with a fully formed frontal cortex and everything who acts like a 15 year old. Dpnt ask for anything from her and dont do anything for her. NTA. Your sister sounds like she has some person/mental issues she need to work through. I definitely wouldn't continue a relationship with someone like that. NTA. She sounds like a piece of work. For backstory my mom isn't in the picture and my dad is sometimes gone all day for work(he's essential)So today my dad left for work at around 12pm and told me he would be home in like 2 hours. We were supposed to go grocery shopping when he got home. Well he didn't get home today until 8pm. I was hungry all day and when he got home he told me that he was gone so long because he was with helping his friend and picking up his girlfriend(she lives a little while away). I was kinda angry already but was just gonna ignore it and go get food. Except he only took me to a gas station and said to "grab chips or something".... I hadn't eaten all day other than a few popsicles. I was starving at this point and said "I've been hungry all day can we go to the 24 hour McDonalds? It's only like 10 minutes away." He then proceeded to tell me "No I'm tired I just wanna go home stop being difficult" He had gotten food at his girlfriends house.Am I the ahole for getting mad at my dad for not getting me dinner? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA  you're a minor and it's his responsibility as a parent to make sure you have the nutrition you need no matter how tired he is. He could've easily gotten you food before going over there. Parents should always put their kids' needs first especially with basic things like food. Is this a regular thing that happens? INFOhow old are you? NTA. He hasn't allowed you a job or allowance doesn't have food in the house you can eat either then leaves you alone from before lunch to dinner and he thinks fucking CHIPS will be enough food?? Wtf this borders on child neglect. NTA. I think that you need to sit down and talk with your father when he is not tired. Also do you know how to cook?Ideas 1. Get a bank account he can transfer funds into so that you can order delivery if necessary. 2.  If possible order grocery delivery if he is too tired to shop.  3. Discuss a set time to shop on a weekly basis.  4. Discuss doing some food storage of dry goods and canned food. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)For backstory my mom isn't in the picture and my dad is sometimes gone all day for work(he's essential)So today my dad left for work at around 12pm and told me he would be home in like 2 hours. We were supposed to go grocery shopping when he got home. Well he didn't get home today until 8pm. I was hungry all day and when he got home he told me that he was gone so long because he was with helping his friend and picking up his girlfriend(she lives a little while away). I was kinda angry already but was just gonna ignore it and go get food. Except he only took me to a gas station and said to "grab chips or something".... I hadn't eaten all day other than a few popsicles. I was starving at this point and said "I've been hungry all day can we go to the 24 hour McDonalds? It's only like 10 minutes away." He then proceeded to tell me "No I'm tired I just wanna go home stop being difficult" He had gotten food at his girlfriends house.Am I the ahole for getting mad at my dad for not getting me dinner?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Im gonna say NTA ( if you are on the younger side). Your dad was being inconsiderate by not getting you food. However If you are on the older side you should have tried to make some kind of food for yourself and would be ESH. INFOHow old are you?Depending on your age do you sheba job?Do you have schooling during the day (whether it's college or lower levels?)What are your responsibilities and chores etc around the home? So I am not going to college this semester because my financial aid didnt go through and I cant afford college without it. so instead I am taking some online classes just to kind of stay on track to graduating when Im supposed to. I told my Gf that I cant afford it and she broke up with me because of it. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. College is expensive and youre trying to take the practical course. Of course NTA but how can you afford online classes that will keep you on track to graduate if you can't afford to go to school? Because online classes aren't free. If you cant afford it you cant afford it. College is insanely expensive  not everyone can afford to go nor do they want to go into debt paying for it either.NTA. Good luck AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)So I am not going to college this semester because my financial aid didnt go through and I cant afford college without it. so instead I am taking some online classes just to kind of stay on track to graduating when Im supposed to. I told my Gf that I cant afford it and she broke up with me because of it.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Ok what? You can't go to college because you can't afford it and your GF broke up with you?  You dodged a bullet there. She is a gold digger. NTA at all. Due to the character limit I have to break this really down. My MIL is VERY manipulative and doesnt care about others or their boundaries.Back in April (before quarantine) MIL talked my husband into letting her her boyfriend and a friend come to our home for a visit. BOTH are married.  I feel that the friend is used as an excuse for them to get away while she uses family visits as an excuse to get away from her husband (not my hubbys dad). She even asked to use my bedroom so that they could have some "privacy".In May  June she messaged asking if it was OK for them to come down again KNOWING Im trying to keep the virus out of my house. I have between 314 kids(3 mine) here on any given day due to their parents being essential workers. I am also backup to my mother in the event that she needs assistance with the care of my 90 year old grandmother. She was told no. In July she called my hubby asking if she can store items in our workshop. He agreed to let her without asking or telling me. So here we are in Lowes purchasing some much needed materials for some projects that we had been trying to put off when she calls him back. I inquire as to the phone call to make sure that shes doing OK and he informs me that THEY are on their way down and should be at our home in about an hour.Im pissed and he knows it by this point. So we go home and as we are unloading said materials she pulls up without the truck of items she wanted stored. Instead she had boy toy with her and friend in his car. She literally LIED to my husband. I hid all weekend.When they got ready to go she asked if we would be going to the family reunion the next weekend and told her no. She has known we were not going for months. That weekend while at the reunion she starts popping off smart ass comments about those that didnt go. About how we would regret the fact that we didn't make time to visit when the old ones were dead etc.I lost it. I went off about all of her recent antics and inability to respect boundaries. Her own sister was at the reunion and not only just had open heart surgery 2 days prior but tested positive for Covid antibodies. The next day she started messaging my husband telling him that I was sending hateful messages to his family about what she was doing. She then stated it was due to an argument I had with my FIL 21 years ago. He's been gone for 10 years now. I showed my husband my messages and that I hadnt spoken to his family. I had to remove everyone from my facebook page over it.Have I gone overboard? I really believe that this virus mess is being blown out of proportion but I'm not willing to risk my loved ones if its not. Im not ok with her flaunting her multiple relationships in front of my kids. She also likes to throw her religion in my face all the time talking about how we need to go to church more but isn't committing adultery one of the major no nos in Christianity? Am I the asshole in this? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Wait wait wait your MIL is married but is trying to bring a different man her boyfriend to your house in the middle of a pandemic? What in tarnation? NTA they can rent a hotel room! NTA. The buck stops here if you ever want to feel in control of your home. The woman is a menace. YTAI was reading this whole post trying to figure out what your point is really.  There's so much there and it seems like it's all your resentment and also lack of communication with your husband.  If anything he's at fault for letting his mom get away with stuff.But overall it looks like you are being judgemental over her having a boyfriend and over that you did send hateful messages to her (and maybe other in laws?).  That's really not ok.And then we come to you admitting it yourself:Im not ok with her flaunting her multiple relationships in front of my kids.Well guess what her relationships are none of your business.  Nor is it up to you to decide whether her religion approves or doesn't approve of what you perceive as adultery.  You can ban her from your home if you wish (and it doesn't seem like you've managed to agree with your husband on that) but beyond that you should keep your judgements to yourself.  And you are certainly an A for sending hateful messages to her and other relatives. NTA ever for having boundaries and expecting them to be respected. Going to church makes you as much of a "good Christian" as standing in a garage makes you a car. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Due to the character limit I have to break this really down. My MIL is VERY manipulative and doesnt care about others or their boundaries.Back in April (before quarantine) MIL talked my husband into letting her her boyfriend and a friend come to our home for a visit. BOTH are married.  I feel that the friend is used as an excuse for them to get away while she uses family visits as an excuse to get away from her husband (not my hubbys dad). She even asked to use my bedroom so that they could have some "privacy".In May  June she messaged asking if it was OK for them to come down again KNOWING Im trying to keep the virus out of my house. I have between 314 kids(3 mine) here on any given day due to their parents being essential workers. I am also backup to my mother in the event that she needs assistance with the care of my 90 year old grandmother. She was told no. In July she called my hubby asking if she can store items in our workshop. He agreed to let her without asking or telling me. So here we are in Lowes purchasing some much needed materials for some projects that we had been trying to put off when she calls him back. I inquire as to the phone call to make sure that shes doing OK and he informs me that THEY are on their way down and should be at our home in about an hour.Im pissed and he knows it by this point. So we go home and as we are unloading said materials she pulls up without the truck of items she wanted stored. Instead she had boy toy with her and friend in his car. She literally LIED to my husband. I hid all weekend.When they got ready to go she asked if we would be going to the family reunion the next weekend and told her no. She has known we were not going for months. That weekend while at the reunion she starts popping off smart ass comments about those that didnt go. About how we would regret the fact that we didn't make time to visit when the old ones were dead etc.I lost it. I went off about all of her recent antics and inability to respect boundaries. Her own sister was at the reunion and not only just had open heart surgery 2 days prior but tested positive for Covid antibodies. The next day she started messaging my husband telling him that I was sending hateful messages to his family about what she was doing. She then stated it was due to an argument I had with my FIL 21 years ago. He's been gone for 10 years now. I showed my husband my messages and that I hadnt spoken to his family. I had to remove everyone from my facebook page over it.Have I gone overboard? I really believe that this virus mess is being blown out of proportion but I'm not willing to risk my loved ones if its not. Im not ok with her flaunting her multiple relationships in front of my kids. She also likes to throw her religion in my face all the time talking about how we need to go to church more but isn't committing adultery one of the major no nos in Christianity? Am I the asshole in this?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YTA. If my husband messaged my mother to tell her off because she got upset that we didn't go to my family reunion (which was in July and we didn't go to it and my mom was a little hurt) I'd be mad at my husband and I'd tell him that I expect him to minimize drama in our lives by acting like an adult. You cannot control her feelings or her words or her actions.As another commenter stated I fail to see where you set boundaries that were then disrespected. In all these stories not once did you tell her not to come and she still came. I've always had a passion for playing the piano and my parents have always hated it when I did so. They often tell me that the classical I play is extremely annoying to them and that they can't focus or work on anything while I play. Eventually we negotiated an uneasy truce where they allow me to play for an hour on weekdays and two on weekend days. The thing is I'm now a rising sophomore and really want to apply to conservatories in my senior year as a piano performance major. The thing is the auditions of these schools can require more than an hours worth of difficult memorized repertoire and needless to say I won't be able to do it with an hour or two of practice. I told my parents that this is what I wanted to do with my life and begged them to let me practice more but they continued to refuse even when I offered to do more housework chores etc. if they allowed me to practice. Keep in mind that it's only them who are annoyed by my playing one of our neighbors is indifferent and the other actually has said that he enjoys my playing and sometimes sits outside to listen to it. I also have a number of friends who are also pretty serious about their instruments and none of their parents mind their practicing. WIBTA if I ignored my parents and told them I was going to practice for 23 hours a day anyway because I was truly passionate about my instrument? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA to pursue your dreams.  If you can't get what you need at home see about practice rooms at local schools music stores or colleges; or play at local hospitals nursing homes churches malls or community centers.  (Will vary by pandemic policies where you live.) NAH. You wanting to pursue something you are passionate about is admirable and sure isn't an asshole thing to do. On the other hand as someone who grew up playing the piano I can understand how listening to someone practising the same piece over and over again could be annoying. I think you should just reach a compromise. Personally I'd suggest asking your parents to buy or chip in for a digital piano (it's much closer to the real thing compared to keyboards). Then you can plug in your headphones and practise away! It's a tough one but NAH for me.It's their house so they can set the rules. As long as you live with them you should follow these. And I could definitely understand it being annoying to listen to someone practising a lot.However I also understand that you need to practice for something important so they should be more considerate of that.Anyway why don't you get a midi device or a keyboard so you can practice using earphones/headphones? It would make both sides happy. Also if you really are that motivated to learn this might come in useful more often. NAH.  Does your school have a piano you can practice after school? (Dont know if you are distance learning).  If not discuss with your parents about renting a rehearsal room. Find options and costs. Present it to them along with the transportation needs to practice out of the home and ask them to foot the bill. The least expensive option of course would be to practice at home. As much as I'm upset at your parents I'm going to have to say NAH. You gotta face it: listening to someone practice is not enjoyable. It's understandable they wouldn't want to listen to it all the time.That being said if they don't like listening to you practice but still give you a total of 9hrs a week to use that's pretty good of them.I don't know where you are or your schools COVID restrictions but could you talk to a band/choir director about using their piano sometimes? Maybe even borrowing an electric keyboard from them (if they have one and are willing to sign it out to you)? Do your friends have a piano you could use sometimes? Are there times your parents are out of the house you could take advantage of?Best option (expensive option) get an electric piano so you can use headphones (then all they'd hear is a slight thunking of the keys).Sometimes you have to do some weird things to grow as a musician. Bach once walked 200 miles to listen to an organist he admired. My friend slept on the floor of a stranger's apartment so he could go to a Chicago Brass performance.Keep it up. Don't give up.(Also why have a piano if you don't want to listen to someone play it? Do they just hate classical but enjoy jazz or pop on it?) Nta that's your passion so chase it however you can get keyboards where you can plug in some headphones so it doesn't bother anybody. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)I've always had a passion for playing the piano and my parents have always hated it when I did so. They often tell me that the classical I play is extremely annoying to them and that they can't focus or work on anything while I play. Eventually we negotiated an uneasy truce where they allow me to play for an hour on weekdays and two on weekend days. The thing is I'm now a rising sophomore and really want to apply to conservatories in my senior year as a piano performance major. The thing is the auditions of these schools can require more than an hours worth of difficult memorized repertoire and needless to say I won't be able to do it with an hour or two of practice. I told my parents that this is what I wanted to do with my life and begged them to let me practice more but they continued to refuse even when I offered to do more housework chores etc. if they allowed me to practice. Keep in mind that it's only them who are annoyed by my playing one of our neighbors is indifferent and the other actually has said that he enjoys my playing and sometimes sits outside to listen to it. I also have a number of friends who are also pretty serious about their instruments and none of their parents mind their practicing. WIBTA if I ignored my parents and told them I was going to practice for 23 hours a day anyway because I was truly passionate about my instrument?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. A good quality electric piano and headphones an option? INFO: How much effort has gone into finding a compromise?  Have they tried noise cancelling headphones or something?  Have you looked into renting a practice space?  Maybe you could add acoustic foam to the walls of the practice room?  That might help dampen the sound a bit.I have to say I find this one difficult to judge.  I can feel how awful it is to have your dreams stunted by your family but I would also be driven crazy by living with someone practicing the piano so much.I'm pretty sure I could get by with noise cancelling headphones and maybe some soundproofing something.  If they haven't even made the attempt then that makes it easy to call them assholes. NAH   try offerings to soundproof your room! Egg crates are very cheap and offer a lot of sound insulation if that's an issue  if that doesn't work look into a digital keyboard or even a guitar because a piano is a giant guitar especially with a classical guitar training teacher YTA. You have to find a way to practice that doesn't annoy the bejesus out of people. It probably doesn't annoy your neighbors as much because they literally have distance and can mask with a TV or other white noise as necessary  and they know there's a 1 hour limit to it. If you're as passionate as you claim to be you'll find a way to do it without forcing two unwilling people to listen to amateur Beethoven ad nauseum. NTA. Your parents sound like Grandma Coco: "NO MUSIC!"But seriously though follow your dreams even if you have to practice longer than they say. You can do it. :) My sister recently got engaged and is planning the wedding for late next year. Throughout the planning of the wedding multiple red flags have arisen.First she decided she isnt having 2 of her best friends be bridesmaids. She said look at them  meaning they dont look nice enough to be in her wedding. A few days later she asked if it would be bad to not have our brother be in the wedding. My brother sister and I are all pretty close so of course I said that her thought was awful and he needs to be in the wedding. She (unhappily) added another bridesmaid so he would have someone. Next she decided she doesnt want any kids at the wedding. I respect her wish not to have kids there (though I dont agree) but this was aimed at her soon to be sisterinlaw  brotherinlaw. Shes being petty because of a previous argument. Lastly I just found out from someone else that my sister has asked our estranged half sister to be her maid of honor. She has also asked me to be her maid of honor and hasnt mentioned our half sister. My sister talks to our half sister more than my brother or I do but Im unbelievably hurt and cant believe she not only did this but kept it hidden from me. I havent said anything to her yet but I really dont care to be in the wedding anymore. I understand its her special day but her actions effect other people too. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. I'm going to go with NTA but maybe you should talk to your sister and figure out what her motivations are.  There's a lot of speculation in your post. NTA. If you don't like how she handling her wedding party you're not obligated to be apart of it. This is a case of you do what you think is best even if it upsets your sister. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)My sister recently got engaged and is planning the wedding for late next year. Throughout the planning of the wedding multiple red flags have arisen.First she decided she isnt having 2 of her best friends be bridesmaids. She said look at them  meaning they dont look nice enough to be in her wedding. A few days later she asked if it would be bad to not have our brother be in the wedding. My brother sister and I are all pretty close so of course I said that her thought was awful and he needs to be in the wedding. She (unhappily) added another bridesmaid so he would have someone. Next she decided she doesnt want any kids at the wedding. I respect her wish not to have kids there (though I dont agree) but this was aimed at her soon to be sisterinlaw  brotherinlaw. Shes being petty because of a previous argument. Lastly I just found out from someone else that my sister has asked our estranged half sister to be her maid of honor. She has also asked me to be her maid of honor and hasnt mentioned our half sister. My sister talks to our half sister more than my brother or I do but Im unbelievably hurt and cant believe she not only did this but kept it hidden from me. I havent said anything to her yet but I really dont care to be in the wedding anymore. I understand its her special day but her actions effect other people too.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Nta but it mught be best to speak to your sister about how you feel before you pull out of the wedding. Is it possible she wants you both to be maid of honour and just forgot to say that/thought she'd told you already? I'd sit down and have a conversation with her and let her know how you feel before you make your decision. NAH its your choice to be in someones wedding if you dont agree with their decisions. From what I read it doesnt seem like she is being an ahole to anyone. Its her wedding. I (24F) work at McDonalds. And as many people may know this job requires a lot of patience smiling when I dont feel like it and dealing with people who are completely rude to me. This entire story started yesterday but today it made me especially angry and irritated. Yesterday I worked earlier in the morning than I normally would. And a customer with a big order came through the drivethru and I happened to be the one handing her food and drinks to her. I ask before handing her anything if she would like any sauces; she says no. At the end of the order when Im just about ready to close the window she asks if I put any Buffalo sauce in the bag. I say no because she didnt ask for any. She rolls her eyes and I hand her a small bag with sauce in it. She proceeds to yank it out of my hand and say you need to work on your customer service. Youre very rude. And drives off leaving me confused because I didnt understand what was so rude about what I did. But I ignore it and move on. Today she comes back and its much worse. Again Im the person handing her her food and mind you I dont make any of the coffee drinks or anything. I dont even touch the food until its in the bag. My coworker hands me the frappes she ordered and I put them in a cup holder and start handing them to her. She notices its me. She rolls her eyes and says youre here again? I ignore it trying to  hand her the drinks. She takes them and again I ask if she wants any sauces. She says no. One of my managers tells me to ask her to park because her food isnt ready so I do. This is when all hell breaks loose. She sees her drinks and tries to hand them back to me saying theyre wrong. Ever since the pandemic started we have a policy that states that once a customer gets ahold of something we can no longer take it back. So I tell her this and offer to make new ones and letting her keep the old ones. She blows up and starts yelling at me saying she doesnt the wrong ones because theyre nasty. I keep trying to explain and she says Ive complained about you once I can do it again I order the same thing every day and I dont want this shit. I grab the drinks now angry and put them in the trash. She tells me not to get mad and drives off. I tell everyone who didnt see it happen what happened and as Im doing this she comes in and complains. My managers immediately go from defending me  to Im so sorry this happened she shouldnt have done that... etc. This made me angry. As she leaves and I keep trying to tell my side of the story that the customer twisted some of my coworkers completely turn on me saying Im TA for not being nice enough to her. So AITA? A lot of people seem to think so. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Nta: I get customer service is about pleasing the customer. But the moment that the customer starts to get abusive harassing or just outright a jerk that starts to lead to a point where customer service is no longer the point. I worked customer service and I've dealt with the nastiest thing is being sad at me. there is no reason to take that crap she's lucky you didn't throw the drinks into her vehicle at her. NTA some people will never be pleased accept it and move on. NTA Your manager was TA for not sticking up for his employee when confronted by an AH customer. NTA  Sorry you have to put up with losers like that. NTA. It's easier for everyone if we keep the peace and appease these dill holes but its creating this terrible culture of abusive entitlement. NTA. Tell the manager and get her banned. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)I (24F) work at McDonalds. And as many people may know this job requires a lot of patience smiling when I dont feel like it and dealing with people who are completely rude to me. This entire story started yesterday but today it made me especially angry and irritated. Yesterday I worked earlier in the morning than I normally would. And a customer with a big order came through the drivethru and I happened to be the one handing her food and drinks to her. I ask before handing her anything if she would like any sauces; she says no. At the end of the order when Im just about ready to close the window she asks if I put any Buffalo sauce in the bag. I say no because she didnt ask for any. She rolls her eyes and I hand her a small bag with sauce in it. She proceeds to yank it out of my hand and say you need to work on your customer service. Youre very rude. And drives off leaving me confused because I didnt understand what was so rude about what I did. But I ignore it and move on. Today she comes back and its much worse. Again Im the person handing her her food and mind you I dont make any of the coffee drinks or anything. I dont even touch the food until its in the bag. My coworker hands me the frappes she ordered and I put them in a cup holder and start handing them to her. She notices its me. She rolls her eyes and says youre here again? I ignore it trying to  hand her the drinks. She takes them and again I ask if she wants any sauces. She says no. One of my managers tells me to ask her to park because her food isnt ready so I do. This is when all hell breaks loose. She sees her drinks and tries to hand them back to me saying theyre wrong. Ever since the pandemic started we have a policy that states that once a customer gets ahold of something we can no longer take it back. So I tell her this and offer to make new ones and letting her keep the old ones. She blows up and starts yelling at me saying she doesnt the wrong ones because theyre nasty. I keep trying to explain and she says Ive complained about you once I can do it again I order the same thing every day and I dont want this shit. I grab the drinks now angry and put them in the trash. She tells me not to get mad and drives off. I tell everyone who didnt see it happen what happened and as Im doing this she comes in and complains. My managers immediately go from defending me  to Im so sorry this happened she shouldnt have done that... etc. This made me angry. As she leaves and I keep trying to tell my side of the story that the customer twisted some of my coworkers completely turn on me saying Im TA for not being nice enough to her. So AITA? A lot of people seem to think so.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Wouldnt happen in my McDonalds my managers bitch about the customers all the time. More than the crew members. NTA. Shes a loser that likes to bully people just trying to do their job. Theres a difference between customer service and letting the customer verbally abuse you. Youre not her punching bag and youre not there for her to verbally abuse you. Its sometimes easier to hear the customer rant than stand up for workers. Some people can get violent and letting her have her way will usually deescalate the situation. Sorry you have to deal with shitty customers. ESH your portion in this is extremely tiny. It doesnt seem like you ever tried bringing your manager or coworkers to take your place upon realizing it was her and knowing you dont have the best history with her. I wouldnt get too angry with your manager. Thats the quickest way to get rid of them. I 21F still live at home with my parents due to health problems I'm pretty independent (take care of my own bills and food) minus the fact that I don't have a job at the moment. Currently I'm getting food from the food pantry because I'm not allowed to touch theirs. Anyways my social worker told me that she had talked with my mom letting me know that apparently she had been getting EBT benefits while also including me in the app (keep in mind they hide all of the food that they buy and lock the pantry on me and force me to get my own food even though the money that they're getting is technically mine). Am I the asshole for wanting to report them? My social worker brought up I could just try reapplying and get the benefits in my name instead since they're already mine but she's worried that they'll try to evict me. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA obviously. They're your benefits  being abused by your parents.What I shitty situation. What kind of parent doesn't feed their own child? I dgaf how old my kid is she'll always find a comfy bed and a hot meal at my house. I'm sorry you're going through this. report them even if you're an adult who does that type of thing to their child? AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)I 21F still live at home with my parents due to health problems I'm pretty independent (take care of my own bills and food) minus the fact that I don't have a job at the moment. Currently I'm getting food from the food pantry because I'm not allowed to touch theirs. Anyways my social worker told me that she had talked with my mom letting me know that apparently she had been getting EBT benefits while also including me in the app (keep in mind they hide all of the food that they buy and lock the pantry on me and force me to get my own food). Am I the asshole for wanting to report them? My social worker brought up I could just try reapplying and get the benefits in my name instead since they're already mine but she's worried that they'll try to evict me.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. Your parents are required to report all of your income along with theirs as you are a mandatory member of their food stamp household until age 22 (at least in California but as this is a federal program this may be in every state please check with your social worker!) You want to do this ASAP but keep in mind that they have no way of forcing them to feed you or prove that they arent and you may not be eligible by yourself if you are still living with them until age 22. Op while your NTA tread lightly. Remember you live with them. I wouldn't report them outright but I would approach it sort of like hey I was trying to apply for this for myself and my social worker said that you guys had already been collecting on my behalf for a few years now. She's considering reporting you guys. I asked her not to but I need you to stop so I can claim myself or share my portion with me. Otherwise I can't apply and mt social worker will know what's going on and report you guys. The reason why I'm trying to change direction of this from "I'm reporting you" to "someone else is reporting you" is because your still living with them and still dependant on them. If they find out its you you likely won't have a place to live any more. Are you physically mentally or financially ready to possibly have to support yourself alone? If not be careful on how you approach the subject. Your parents sound like selfish people who don't care about anyone other than themselves and would likely kick you out. INFO: Are you paying rent?  Perhaps this all evens out. My mother is known for reacting badly when being told "no" but today I think I have had enough. Her car has had no registration for a couple weeks she has been driving it around without a care in the world all while she has 1000 from a couple pays that she has been saving that could be used to get rego. All of a sudden she walks into my room waking me up asking me where the keys are to my car when I asked her why she responded with "because I need it mines out of rego". I never even told her no but as soon as I said "I'd rather you didn't but" she lost it and walked out slamming the door annoyed I have overheard her saying to her friends "once my rego is up I hope mrdanggas knows I'm using his car" so I think she has intentionally not payed it so she gets to use my car. I don't have my license yet as covid put a halt to learners being on the road and now I'm feeling guilty and worried that she won't help me get my hours up for my license. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. You said she has the money for the registration but won't pay it. And you payed for your car yourself.NTA.Your mother is acting bizarre. Info who pays for the car? AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)My mother is known for reacting badly when being told "no" but today I think I have had enough. Her car has had no registration for a couple weeks she has been driving it around without scare in the world all while she has 1000 from a couple pays that she has been saving that could be used to get rego. All of a sudden she walks into my room waking me up asking me where the keys are to my car when I asked her why she responded with "because I need it mines out of rego". I never even told her no but as soon as I said "I'd rather you didn't but" she lost it and walked out slamming the door annoyed I have overheard her saying to her friends "once my rego is up I hope mrdanggas knows I'm using his car" so I think she has intentionally not payed it so she gets to use my car. I don't have my license yet as covid put a halt to learners being on the road and now I'm feeling guilty and worried that she won't help me get my hours up for my license.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Couldn't find a good place to post this but this seems like a good place. Just a few minutes ago our neighbours that live in front of our backyard came up to our door saying our our apple tree branches fell on their vegetable garden and killed all their vegetables. They just found this out yesterday maybe they saw it fall yesterday but a couple days ago we noticed that branches also snapped and fell off on our side when it was windy. What's odd and annoying is that the bitch neighbour asked me if I know someone that put the branches there. No bitch we don't have a fuckin urge to destroy your vegetables we aren't insane and we can't even see the other side of your lawn because we placed hedge trees surrounding the backyard near the fence which were planted way before you even moved in the neighbourhood and has grown to a big size before our eyes. The wife brought her husband and they were talking pretty aggressive the whole time and my mom was offended by the way they were talking. I don't think it is our fault. I don't know if the branches were hanging over their garden before it fell or if the wind snapped the branch into their direction to where it fell on top of their vegetables. But it's annoying because they are acting like we owe them something. Do we? Shouldn't they have cut the parts of our tree hanging over their property? Again we moved into this neighbourhood and planted the tree way before they came here. Why would they set up a vegetable garden right behind our tall ass apple tree? It feels like an insurance scam lol. Are we the assholes? Did we destroy their plants? It was the wind not us. Do you think they have the ability to sue my parents? Or are the neighbours just a bunch of sad clowns Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YTA imagine thinking youre not responsible for your own property. Vegetables take a long time to grow and are so rewarding once theyre finished and often require lots of upkeep. Id be so livid if I were your neighbors. You might be in for some legal trouble OP. No joke Ive got a friend who went through a similar thing and they sued the people for over damages. Idk if they won anything but the court battle was long hefty and costed way more than if the neighbors were to just trim their tree. YTA 100 have some consideration for your neighbors. YTA for your attitude and your negligence. YTA. Youre supposed to trim the tree especially when you noticed down branches. They have every right to be upset. After reading everything YTA. While the neighbors could have been nicer and while the tree's branches were not in your line of sight maintaining your property line is important. Your neighbors likely lost plants that they spent weeks nurturing and caring for and to have that lost due to your negligence was likely hurtful. In the end because it is your tree which you neglected to trim and maintain you are the asshole. It is your ness you clean it up. YTA damn Id be mad if my neighbors unkempt tree ruined my garden too. Have more consideration for the people around you and manage your property better. YTA   Even though you didn't intentionally do this because of your tree someone else's property was damaged. If that tree causes issues in others people's garden you should either take it down prevent it from happening as much as possible by cutting the parts above they're garden or at least own up to the damages caused by it. If their plants were destroyed I don't think it's unreasonable for them to expect you to pay for new ones. If the tree is planted in your yard then it is legally your responsibility and liability.ESH They should have approached you about it in a better way but they are probably right that you should be trimming your tree so it doesnt damage their garden. YTA. It's your tree you should prune it or offer to have someone come and prune it for them. They didn't plant the tree it's not their responsibility. They can't necessarily be expected to have seen this coming. Accidents happen and now you can all plan better going forward. From the way you write you sound like a teenager. If you are just forget about it don't engage with the neighbors about it this is not your problem. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Couldn't find a good place to post this but this seems like a good place. Just a few minutes ago our neighbours that live in front of our backyard came up to our door saying our our apple tree branches fell on their vegetable garden and killed all their vegetables. They just found this out yesterday maybe they saw it fall yesterday but a couple days ago we noticed that branches also snapped and fell off on our side when it was windy. What's odd and annoying is that the bitch neighbour asked me if I know someone that put the branches there. No bitch we don't have a fuckin urge to destroy your vegetables we aren't insane and we can't even see the other side of your lawn because we placed hedge trees surrounding the backyard near the fence which were planted way before you even moved in the neighbourhood and has grown to a big size before our eyes. The wife brought her husband and they were talking pretty aggressive the whole time and my mom was offended by the way they were talking. I don't think it is our fault. I don't know if the branches were hanging over their garden before it fell or if the wind snapped the branch into their direction to where it fell on top of their vegetables. But it's annoying because they are acting like we owe them something. Do we? Shouldn't they have cut the parts of our tree hanging over their property? Again we moved into this neighbourhood and planted the tree way before they came here. Why would they build a vegetable garden right behind our tree? It's feels like an insurance scam lol. Are we the assholes? Did we destroy their plants? It was the wind not us. Do you think they have the ability to sue my parents? Or are the neighbours just a bunch of clownsI am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA they were the ones that planted the vegetables under the tree NTA. You planted the tree first they chose to plant a garden underneath it later on. You can't control nature and wind storms. If the tree was rotten and needed to be taken down but you choose to ignore it that would be different. NTA. If they were concerned about their plants they could have reached out to you before to trim the branches. This is an overeaction and to comeover and try to intimidate you proves theyre the assholes.Also what are they gonna sue you for? A dead tomato plant? Just grab them a few tomatoes from the grocery store or whatever was killed. NTA you cant control the tree after it's been there for years alreadyEdit: as a Iggy has said it is still negligence on your part I would say that you should share your insurance information NTA Where I'm from if a tree's branches go over a property line they are the responsibility of the person who's property the branches are over.  We have to trim my neighbors branches and clean up their leaves. I would look into your local laws.I would also assume that they chose to plant their vegetables by your tree because it offers their plants shade instead of being in the sun all day. Either way it was their choice. To come at you guys in a rude way solves nothing. NTAIf they had a problem with the tree hanging over into their yard they would have brought it up before. They didn't care before because neither your nor they could have foreseen that this was going to happen.I'd offer to remove the branches and maybe even help tidy with the tidy up and leave it at that. I like the NTA's it makes us feel so innocent but I need more NTA's that can justify our branch destroying their garden by saying the laws to make sure I have been married for 4 years.  I have 2 kids with my husband (2yo  3yo) and I have purposely never met my MIL in person.Shes always made a lot of assumptions about me.  Ill list just the beginning so you get an understanding1.assumes we got hitched because I needed a green card lol Im not foreign only speak English born and raised in the Bay Area lol Hella American ;)2. Then she jumped to Im using her son for money (I have money I come from a privileged upbringing so again idk what that came from)3. Her son was deployed and I was pregnant and the one time she called me was for money.  And so she cycles from Im using her son to Im just a rich girl.  Whatever fits her agenda.  So I just never met herNever invited her to our homeNever went to hersShes never met our kidsNow HER dad is coming to visit in 2 weeks and shes hinting to people that I wont let her come.  Wrong! She can come just not in my house.  Bad vibes arent allowed lol Id have to sage my whole damn house and her Demons be gone Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA sounds like to me shes just trying to find things to hate about you.  Saying that your using her son just for the money then calling you a rich girl for no reason is just plain stupid. NTA NTA. The woman sounds vile and unstable. You do you! INFO: How does your husband feel about the situation and never introducing her to her grandkids? INFO: How do you know all of these things she says and feels and thinks about you if you have never met her? INFO  have you and she ever attempted to meet? Has either of you ever extended an invitation to the other? NTA I'd invite grandpappy but not her. Good luck good vibes  AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)I have been married for 4 years.  I have 2 kids with my husband (2yo  3yo) and I have purposely never met my MIL in person.Shes always made a lot of assumptions about me.  Ill list just the beginning so you get an understanding1.assumes we got hitched because I needed a green card lol Im not foreign only speak English born and raised in the Bay Area lol Hella American ;)2. Then she jumped to Im using her son for money (I have money I come from a privileged upbringing so again idk what that came from)3. Her son was deployed and I was pregnant and the one time she called me was for money.  And so she cycles from Im using her son to Im just a rich girl.  Whatever fits her agenda.  So I just never met herNever invited her to our homeNever went to hersShes never met our kidsNow HER dad is coming to visit in 2 weeks and shes hinting to people that I wont let her come.  Wrong! She can come just not in my house.  Bad vibes arent allowed lol Id have to save my whole damn house and her Demons be goneI am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA There is nothing wrong with setting boundaries. Your MIL sounds like she has some issues. Surround yourself with things that bring you joy. From the sounds of it MIL is not a joy to be around. NTA. She sounds like my exmil. Lol. You and I would get along great. Thanks for reminding me it's time to sage again. INFO: Wait so even when you guys were dating he never introduced you to her? Thats surprising. YTA for putting "privileged" in quotations when you come from wealth. otherwise NTA NTA but I would like to say that idk your race but there is a huge sage shortage because it has become popular in recent years so natives who have used it for many important culturally significant practices for generations dont have access to it. Maybe try a different cleansing method :) YTA. how can you be married for 4 years and not meet your mother in law? thats very disrespectful to your husband. just grit your teeth and bare it because youre not being fair to your husband. Ive been with my girlfriend for a year but have only lived with her for 3 months.I am severely grossed out by blood. Every kind of blood. Someone gets a nose bleed? I need to leave the room or Ill get the spins and possibly pass out. Getting my blood drawn? Need to lay down and shut my eyes so I cant see it. Ive always been like this even a scraped knee will make me sweat and get nauseous. My girlfriend does not wrap her used period products as she lived alone before me and just never felt the need to. Ive asked her very nicely if she can cover them due to my squickiness around blood. She said she would but never did. This is her 2nd period with me living here and she still does not wrap. Now she says that Im being ridiculous and periods are natural and I shouldnt be afraid of them. I tried explaining that its not the fact that its period blood id ask the same of a nose bleed. I even said Ill get a separate little garbage for her and she said no cause the bathroom is too small as is. It is a very small bathroom. AITA for wanting her to cover the period products? I need to use the garbage every time I use the bathroom as we can not flush toilet tissue due to the septic tank. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA maybe get a can with a lid? I'm sorry she isn't listening to you its a bit of a red flag that she can't do something so minor for you especially since it affects you pretty severely. NTA. I've had a period for nearly 30 years and I don't even want to look at my own used period products. I wrap up everything immediately and always have...even when I didn't have a man in the house. Periods are messy which is why the products exist in the first place. Not only that...it's a bodily fluid which can smell so that must make your bathroom..ugh. I don't even want to think about it. I just don't even see how that is sanitary. NTA. speaking As a girl its disgusting for someone to throw or used pass or tampons without wrapping them up first. NTA wait other women dont already do this when they live alone?? Tf I was taught when I first got mine (22F) it was the kind and courteous thing to do even if you live alone in a house in case guests unexpectedly drop by... yall nasty af NTA. You're not asking her to hide the fact that she even has a period. It literally takes a few seconds to wrap up used period products in some toilet paper and if you're not proactive about taking out the garbage regularly it does begin to smell. I honestly don't know why some women don't do it especially in public restrooms! NTA. I think have a separate garbage bag is a great compromise.  If you are brave you can also ask her about using a diva cup but given her response to the garbage bag thing she might not take the diva cup so well. NTA. As someone who experience periods it is definitely not hard to wrap pads up or cover tampons with toilet paper. It's also a lot more sanitary and sounds like your girlfriend doesn't understand you're fine with periods it's just the sight of blood that messes you up. NTA. I don't understand why anyone would be this sloppy with used tampons/pads. That's so gross and I can't even fathom the smell if she's got them wide open like that. I mean I'm pretty honest about my period and if I'm being PMSy or hurting but I'd never leave my stuff open like that. NTA. Its not that much effort to cover them up. It isnt like youre disgusted by periods but blood makes you feel faint so she should respect that. NTA. I always wrap up my products..... it's common courtesy. Leaving them unwrapped and exposed is akin to leaving streak marks in the toilet for the next person to find. NTA. Having blood of any sort out in the open is not reasonable. NTA for asking her to wrap given your blood phobia. NTA its a reasonable request with logical basis behind it. To me its a red flag of sorts where she refuses to adjust for coliving. If she still refuses I would drop some shits in the toilet without flushing and when she complains say its a natural process. It will solve the problem one way or another for ya. NTA. She should be courteous. NTA. As a woman I find that to be extremely disgusting.  No one wants to see someone elses used tampons. you live there too and you have every right to be comfortable in your own home she is being really inconsiderate. NTA I mean come on is it really that hard for her to do such a little thing for you? NAH. Maybe get a trash can with a lid? NTA. Perhaps try a can with a lid? NTA. because you asked her and she agreed. you have a real phobia.wrapping up every toilet paper she uses when on her period would be a lot of paper tho have you considered just having separate trash cans w a lid NTA. Your girlfriend is inconsiderate and gross. NTA  That is super impolite and gross regardless of your problem. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Ive been with my girlfriend for a year but have only lived with her for 3 months.I am severely grossed out by blood. Every kind of blood. Someone gets a nose bleed? I need to leave the room or Ill get the spins and possibly pass out. Getting my blood drawn? Need to lay down and shut my eyes so I cant see it. Ive always been like this even a scraped knee will make me sweat and get nauseous. My girlfriend does not wrap her used period products as she lived alone before me and just never felt the need to. Ive asked her very nicely if she can cover them due to my squickiness around blood. She said she would but never did. This is her 2nd period with me living here and she still does not wrap. Now she says that Im being ridiculous and periods are natural and I shouldnt be afraid of them. I tried explaining that its not the fact that its period blood id ask the same of a nose bleed. I even said Ill get a separate little garbage for her and she said no cause the bathroom is too small as is. It is a very small bathroom. AITA for wanting her to cover the period products? I need to use the garbage every time I use the bathroom as we can not flush toilet tissue due to the septic tank.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. But only because when you asked her to wrap them she said she would.I think you should work on your issues with blood as a general rule.I cannot fathom how terrible your bathroom must smell between musty used period products and used tissues though. Dang NTA not wrapping is gross natural or not. Bloody pads and tampons attract bugs and are unsanitary it's nothing to do with whether it is natural or not. I have to ask though  you say you have to use the bin too because septic tank  does this also mean the bin is full of used TP? Coz if so all around there's got to be a more sanitary way. I wanna say NTA but for everyone bashing her having your period is exhausting enough it hurts it's inconvenient and it gives you a million fun little symptoms during the cycle and beforehand too. I'm sure she'll adjust and remember to start covering things up but it's not fair to be mad at her for something that's already such a fucking pain. YTAIt sounds like this is her house and she's been living there all this time and you are the one who's moved in.  And if you have to throw your dirty toilet paper in that trashcan I really don't see how blood makes it any worse. Really you should get one covered trashcan for it all and keep it covered for sanitary reasons. NTA but just get a new bathroom garbage can with a swinging lid and call it a day. Because wrapping is honestly wasteful as hell in the end. I stopped doing it because I was running out of toilet paper. AITA for bailing on my friends wedding? I had known this friend for several years through online gaming and had met him once at a convention. About a year before his wedding he had asked several of us from our online gaming group if we would be his groomsmen and one person from this group that he knew IRL would have been his best man. All of us had agreed and were happy for him. Fast forward to a few months before the wedding the groom had given us almost no details about the wedding other than a date and general location and he had begun to drift out of contact with our group as a whole. Around a month and a half to two months before the wedding the best man got into pretty heated debate on a social media post from the bride. After around 300 replies worth of shit posting between everyone involved the best man was uninvited from the wedding. I feel kind of bad because while I never posted anything I was the one who saw the post and joked about it to the best man thus triggering the whole thing. After the best man was uninvited the first groomsman decided to drop out. He was traveling half way across the country for the wedding and had received no information about the wedding at around a month before the wedding. This left me and another friend from our gaming group as the only groomsmen. None of us had received any information about the wedding from our friend. I was gerting a little worried about this but ultimately decided that if he wanted us there he would get us the information we needed. He didn't. Two weeks before the wedding and I hadn't gotten any information about what kind of tuxedo to rent or anything. At this point I sent him a pretty pissed of series of text messages and was eventually able to get the information that I needed it was like pulling teeth to get that info. At this point I realized it would have been nearly impossible to get an appointment to get fitted for a suit and get it tailored before the wedding so at two weeks out I let him know I wouldn't be attending the wedding. The only response I got was a text that read "WTF". Right after I bowed out my friend the last groomsmen also bowed out though he didn't tell the groom at the time. Since I had already scheduled off work for over a week since I was traveling out of state for the wedding and several of our friends were traveling from across the country I decided to travel out to meet up with a couple of the other former groomsmen and then traveled out to spend a weekend hanging out with the former best man. After everyting that happened the groom stopped talking to all of us and I can only assume that he thinks we ate all assholes for bailing on him.This happened awhile ago and I've already come to terms with what happened and the loss of that friendship but I figured I'd see what reddit has to say. So am I the asshole for bailing on my friends wedding and going on a vacation to hang out with his former groomsmen? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA He was expecting all of you to come to his wedding as groomsmen WITH NO INFO? He set himself up for this tbh. NTA.You needed a lot of time to prepare for such a wedding and you even had to wrangle a small scrap of info from the groom (which I believe was minimal at best). If he wasnt willing to put in the effort to at least coordinate with you guys about wedding details then he shouldnt be shocked that you or the other groomsmen couldnt make it! NTA. He gave you no info about the wedding and shit. So karma just bit him on the ass for it. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)AITA for bailing on my friends wedding? I had known this friend for several years through online gaming and had met him once at a convention. About a year before his wedding he had asked several of us from our online gaming group if we would be his groomsmen and one person from this group that he knew IRL would have been his best man. All of us had agreed and were happy for him. Fast forward to a few months before the wedding the groom had given us almost no details about the wedding other than a date and general location and he had begun to drift out of contact with our group as a whole. Around a month and a half to two months before the wedding the best man got into pretty heated debate on a social media post from the bride. After around 300 replies worth of shit posting between everyone involved the best man was uninvited from the wedding. I feel kind of bad because while I never posted anything I was the one who saw the post and joked about it to the best man thus triggering the whole thing. After the best man was uninvited the first groomsman decided to drop out. He was traveling half way across the country for the wedding and had received no information about the wedding at around a month before the wedding. This left me and another friend from our gaming group as the only groomsmen. None of us had received any information about the wedding from our friend. I was gerting a little worried about this but ultimately decided that if he wanted us there he would get us the information we needed. He didn't. Two weeks before the wedding and I hadn't gotten any information about what kind of tuxedo to rent or anything. At this point I sent him a pretty pissed of series of text messages and was eventually able to get the information that I needed it was like pulling teeth to get that info. At this point I realized it would have been nearly impossible to get an appointment to get fitted for a suit and get it tailored before the wedding so at two weeks out I let him know I wouldn't be attending the wedding. The only response I got was a text that read "WTF". Right after I bowed out my friend the last groomsmen also bowed out though he didn't tell the groom at the time. Since I had already scheduled off work for over a week since I was traveling out of state for the wedding and several of our friends were traveling from across the country I decided to travel out to meet up with a couple of the other former groomsmen and then traveled out to spend a weekend hanging out with the former best man. After everyting that happened the groom stopped talking to all of us and I can only assume that he thinks we ate all assholes for bailing on him.This happened awhile ago and I've already come to terms with what happened and the loss of that friendship but I figured I'd see what reddit has to say. So am I the asshole for bailing on my friends wedding and going on a vacation to hang out with his former groomsmen?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. As you said you had to really force that info out of him otherwise you wouldn't have any clue on what the heck was going on. Going on vacation with the former groomsmen is a bit pouring salt onto the wound though but the groom can't expect to not let anyone know wtf is going on. A little background info: this happened a few years ago. The gift in question was an American Girl lookalike doll which I gave away to a coworker who couldnt afford to buy one for her daughter. It came up again in conversation recently hence this post.Also more background info: Im transgender (femaletomale) came out in 2010 and physically transitioned in 2015. I wouldnt mention it except that its relevant here.  Anyway when I was in elementary school in the late 90s / early 00s my mother bought me an American Girl lookalike doll for my birthday. It wasnt something I asked for. My mother who noticed that I liked the American Girl book series saw this as an attempt to bond with me and started pitching the idea months before my birthday. Every time I asked her not to buy it. I told her that I knew the doll was expensive and to save her money. Privately my reasoning was that I didnt want a doll that was designed to look like me in feminine clothing (for reasons that should now be super obvious).When my birthday arrived my mother surprised me with the lookalike doll that I had asked her not to buy. I was polite but not enthusiastic. I put it up in my bedroom somewhere where it more or less collected dust for the next 15 years. I occasionally took it down from the shelf and changed its clothes so my mother wouldnt feel bad.Sometime in my midtwenties I had a coworker whose daughter really wanted an American Girl doll for Christmas. Their family was living paycheck to paycheck and couldnt afford to buy one (like I said the dolls and accessories are really expensive). I said I had a doll and a bunch of accessories I might be able to donate but Id have to ask my mother first since it was in storage at my parents house. My mother said she would think about it. After thinking about it she said she didnt want me to give the doll away. Her reasoning was that she had spent a lot of money on the doll and it had sentimental value (she said Maybe youll adopt kids someday and pass it down to them). I reminded her that the doll only had sentimental value to herafter all I had told her I didnt want it.When I said this she got upset. Then my dad called to tell me that my comment had hurt my mothers feelings and was out of line. We argued about it and my parents continued to insist I was being cruel.Ultimately I convinced my dad to let me give the doll away to my coworkers daughter but both parents still think I was a jerk for saying I never wanted the doll in the first place. The reason I said it however was because I felt that my mother in buying me a gift I'd asked her not to buy then forbidding me from giving it away was not respecting my boundaries. AITA here? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA and I wouldn't have asked to give away your own property NAH. Those things got special ordered in advance. Your mom had probably already bought the doll when she started bringing it up to you bc she was excited to give it to you. I don't think the intention was to give you a toy you hated. It sounds like she was trying to be thoughtful bc she knew you liked the books. It also sounds like you told her not to get it only for money reasons so maybe she really thought she was treating you with something you thought wasn't an option. Maybe she wanted to get you the special doll bc she picked up on maybe you didn't identify with other dolls? Or maybe she thought it would be a nice thing to pass down generation to generation or thought it was cool and would have wanted one when she was a girl. I don't think you need to keep being resentful of a birthday gift from 2 decades ago.It was very nice of you to want to give it to a needy child. I don't think your parent's reluctance to give it away was them trying to be disrespectful of your boundaries. And ultimately they deferred to you for what to do with the doll now. NTA not even by a bit. NTA. Your mom is more of an asshole in this situation. If she gifted it to you she should allow you to do whatever you please with it. She could have said that she wished you would pass it down to your own kids (if you even want any) but she should not have barred you from giving it to a child who wanted it. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)A little background info: this happened a few years ago. The gift in question was an American Girl lookalike doll which I gave away to a coworker who couldnt afford to buy one for her daughter. It came up again in conversation recently hence this post.Also more background info: Im transgender (femaletomale) came out in 2010 and physically transitioned in 2015. I wouldnt mention it except that its relevant here.  Anyway when I was in elementary school in the late 90s / early 00s my mother bought me an American Girl lookalike doll for my birthday. It wasnt something I asked for. My mother who noticed that I liked the American Girl book series saw this as an attempt to bond with me and started pitching the idea months before my birthday. Every time I asked her not to buy it. I told her that I knew the doll was expensive and to save her money. Privately my reasoning was that I didnt want a doll that was designed to look like me in feminine clothing (for reasons that should now be super obvious).When my birthday arrived my mother surprised me with the lookalike doll that I had asked her not to buy. I was polite but not enthusiastic. I put it up in my bedroom somewhere where it more or less collected dust for the next 15 years. I occasionally took it down from the shelf and changed its clothes so my mother wouldnt feel bad.Sometime in my midtwenties I had a coworker whose daughter really wanted an American Girl doll for Christmas. Their family was living paycheck to paycheck and couldnt afford to buy one (like I said the dolls and accessories are really expensive). I said I had a doll and a bunch of accessories I might be able to donate but Id have to ask my mother first since it was in storage at my parents house. My mother said she would think about it. After thinking about it she said she didnt want me to give the doll away. Her reasoning was that she had spent a lot of money on the doll and it had sentimental value (she said Maybe youll adopt kids someday and pass it down to them). I reminded her that the doll only had sentimental value to herafter all I had told her I didnt want it.When I said this she got upset. Then my dad called to tell me that my comment had hurt my mothers feelings and was out of line. We argued about it and my parents continued to insist I was being cruel.Ultimately I convinced my dad to let me give the doll away to my coworkers daughter but both parents still think I was a jerk for saying I never wanted the doll in the first place. The reason I said it however was because I felt that my mother in buying me a gift I'd asked her not to buy then forbidding me from giving it away was not respecting my boundaries. AITA here?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Edit: I gave a lazy answer before.NAH. Your mother obviously still has some kind of grieving process going on. That doesn't make her an assshole it just makes her human. As the daughter of  a mother with hoarding tendencies I can attest to the fact that physical objects linked to our childhoods often have a strong hold on our parents. That being said you were of course not an asshole for wanting to give away an item that was yours and for such a good reason. I'm in the fence between NAH and NTA. Your mom may not have known/probably didn't know that you were transgender when she bought the doll. However you came out in 2010 and transitioned in 2015. That's 510 years where she could have done a lot of learning. IMHO she should have understood why you especially wouldn't like a doll built to look like you. We could speculate all day about her motivations for buying you a doll that you didn't want but you could just ask her. NTAMy daughter absolutely loves her American girl doll and wont do anything without her. I honestly would feel sad if she gave it away but its not my possession. YTA Your mum was just trying to be nice and when someone gives you a present you should NEVER tell them you didn't ask for it or didn't want it. Accept it with open arms they aren't obligated to give you anything but they did. Saying something like that is extremely rude especially when it's your own mother. Pretty benign for this sub but been bothering me for ages.I've had both a female roommate and a girl friend become livid since my habit is to turn the shower off without pushing the diverter down since water goes through the shower head instead of the tub faucet next time the water is turned on. Neither girl used the bath tub function anyway. Is it something to do with hair?They were like actually really frustrated. What am I missing or were they just being cranky? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YTA. Leaning into the shower and turning the water on while youre expecting the water to come out of the tub faucet first results in getting sprayed with cold water down your back. Not pleasant. NAHIf Im understand correctly they want the water to flow out the bottom faucet to warm up etc and instead since they didnt change it they are getting a cold spray to the face. This is a classic leaving the toilet lid up or down scenario. Do men have to leave it down? Do women have to put it down themselves? Truly up to everyone. I think the nice thing to do would be to switch it back personally but it doesnt make you an ah to leave it either. Eh. Its a courtesy thing like flushing the toilet. NAH. Why don't you ask them?  You live with them/date them  surely you've got to be able to ask such a simple question and find out why your shower habits are inconveniencing them. I'm voting there's more than just that one issue going on if you come to this sub instead of asking them directly. YTAYes there are hair issues and cold water issues as well.  I see in the comments most have already been addressed.  There are times when women and even some men want to shower but cannot get their hair wet do to chemicals. People can have pet peeves and you seem like a sleazy roommate so YTA for not doing something that just takes several seconds to do to not piss them off. YTA what kind of monster does this?! Yta I'd be pissed if I got splashed with freezing cold water. But it's a pretty small deal YTA. Just put it down. It's so simple and they've both asked you to show them this courtesy. It could be about hair or maybe bc the water will come out colder and hit them sooner. I mean it's such a little thing you could do. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Pretty benign for this sub but been bothering me for ages.I've had both a female roommate and a girl friend become livid since my habit is to turn the shower off without pushing the diverter down since water goes through the shower head instead of the tub faucet next time the water is turned on. Neither girl used the bath tub function anyway. Is it something to do with hair?They were like actually really frustrated. What am I missing or were they just being cranky?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Not sure it's fair to be livid at you for doing that unless they've repeatedly asked and you haven't listened. I'd say it's something you could ask them to explain their reasoning on if you are genuinely curious too.Personally I strongly dislike the valve being flipped up because I never expect it to come from up high and the water is shockingly cold when it starts so I always get caught off guard and then covered with freezing water. So it's just a preference to be able to control when the water will be cascading down. When they turn the shower on they get sprayed.  Seriously???  YTA That diverter should drop on it's own when water is no longer flowing.  The what move here is to replace the mechanism with one that works properly and not say anything to anybody about it.  The women will think you've capitulated and you don't have to change your habits. YTA. Is this too hard? The water straight out of the shower is usually cold. Having it start in the tub gives the water a chance to warm up and check if you like the temp or need to adjust it. It sucks getting sprayed with cold or offtemp water first. Haha I bet they're getting into the shower and THEN turning on the water and getting a nasty surprise as opposed to how sane people do it (get to temp first and then step in).It's not your fault they lack pattern recognition. NTA Alright so this happened many years ago but its still something my dad brings up because he still says it ruined his marriage. Heres some backstory when I was born my aunt on my moms side made me a quilt type blanket t was a blues clues blanket and it was something I loved as a little kid and a blanket that I grew up with and that I kept. My parents eventually divorced and my dad remarried and the woman that he married had a four year old kid well he went into the closet of my room and was cleaning it out and found the blanket that I had kept because it was something that I cherished as a kid and so I kept it as a momento of my childhood but anyway he took the blanket and gave it to my Step Brother at the time without asking me I had an issue with this because 1) He didnt ask me and 2) He had only been married to his wife for around two months at this point and had been dating her for a total of 7 months. I confronted him about this and he said that it would be better if my step brother had it since it was just sitting in my closet which makes sense but it had special meaning to me and I felt like he didnt have a right to take it without even asking me first and if I wanted to give it away that it should be my choice on whether to give it away at this point as I also had a younger sister on my moms side I brought this fact up to my dad and him and his then wife continued to pile on with the guilt trips and such and even said it that my step brother was more of my sibling than my actual biological sibling. So it was at this point that I asked for the blanket back because of the sentimental meaning that it held to me So Reddit AITA here? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA You're totally in the right and the fact that he's blaming a ruined marriage on that is so totally bogus it's unbelievable. NTA it was yours NTa. The blanket was yours. It wasnt okay for him to try to give it away. Period. NTA. Who was it made for? You. No one else. You. NTA Obviously the little kid isn't to blame for anything but if he's upset about losing the blanket it's the parents' fault and not yours. It's not like you need to be a billionaire to buy a kid a blanket ffs. Tell them to go shopping. NTA. It was your blanket. It feel bad for the kid of course that blanket was given to him and I assume he became attached to it but you had the right to take it back.Baby blankets are something that are deeply personal to many people. It was an asshole move for your dad to give yours away without asking you. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Alright so this happened many years ago but its still something my dad brings up because he still says it ruined his marriage. Heres some backstory when I was born my aunt on my moms side made me a quilt type blanket t was a blues clues blanket and it was something I loved as a little kid and a blanket that I grew up with and that I kept. My parents eventually divorced and my dad remarried and the woman that he married had a four year old kid well he went into the closet of my room and was cleaning it out and found the blanket that I had kept because it was something that I cherished as a kid and so I kept it as a momento of my childhood but anyway he took the blanket and gave it to my Step Brother at the time without asking me I had an issue with this because 1) He didnt ask me and 2) He had only been married to his wife for around two months at this point and had been dating her for a total of 7 months. I confronted him about this and he said that it would be better if my step brother had it since it was just sitting in my closet which makes sense but it had special meaning to me and I felt like he didnt have a right to take it without even asking me first and if I wanted to give it away that it should be my choice on whether to give it away at this point as I also had a younger sister on my moms side I brought this fact up to my dad and him and his then wife continued to pile on with the guilt trips and such and even said it that my step brother was more of my sibling than my actual biological sibling. So it was at this point that I asked for the blanket back because of the sentimental meaning that it held to me So Reddit AITA here?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. my aunt on my moms side made me a quilt type blanketAw cute family heirloom itemt was a blues clues blanketGod Im old. NTA that was a massive A move on your Dad's part. He had no right to do that and you have every right to ask for it back. The fact that he blames that and you for his failed married makes him an even bigger A. He sounds like he lacks the ability to empathise or take responsibility for anything. and therefore they knowingly did not prepare me for an uncomfortable situation? Me and my friend let's call her Amy share a mutual friend group so word tends to get around among members. One of our mutual friends let's say Adam has had a crush on me for the past two years. Adam and I regularly hang out with just each other but I have always thought of him as a good friend. Amy knows this. Fast forward to last week. Amy heard from Adam's best friend that Adam had been talking about me for the past month or so and that he planned to ask me out on that particular day. Knowing nothing about this I agreed to dinner with Adam thinking it would just be a regular hang out. I tell Amy about this and she says "I have something to tell you  oh wait I can't tell you right now. Call me after dinner." I was very suspicious and I kept trying to get her to tell me what she knew but she wouldn't budge. So I come to dinner completely unprepared. Adam asks me out and I was completely caught offguard. I had no idea. I reacted poorly  immediately rejected him and I wish I could have been nicer. I get back from dinner feeling completely shitty because it felt like I just ended our friendship.I talk to Amy afterwards and found out that she knew the entire time. I tried to confront her about why she didn't tell me beforehand but she just ignored the question and changed the subject by asking me questions like "so what did you say" and "how did he react." I brushed it off at the time because I needed someone to vent to about the whole situation. But now I'm thinking back on it and it felt really shady that 1) she hinted about information that she withheld from me 2) she avoided answering why she withheld it from me in the first place and 3) she seemed to enjoy talking about the rejection as if she enjoyed the drama. It just felt like she didn't really care about my or his feelings and just wanted to see how the drama played out.Of course I could be completely wrong. Maybe she felt like it wasn't in her place to share someone else's feelings. But then she shouldn't have hinted that she knew something in the first place. Am I the asshole for not wanting to tell her about my personal life anymore (essentially distancing myself from her)? Because this whole thing just made me feel like she enjoys hearing about my drama and doesn't actually care about me. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YTA. She probably promised him not to say anything. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)and therefore they knowingly did not prepare me for an uncomfortable situation? Me and my friend let's call her Amy share a mutual friend group so word tends to get around among members. One of our mutual friends let's say Adam has had a crush on me for the past two years. Adam and I regularly hang out with just each other but I have always thought of him as a good friend. Amy knows this. Fast forward to last week. Amy heard from Adam's best friend that Adam had been talking about me for the past month or so and that he planned to ask me out on that particular day. Knowing nothing about this I agreed to dinner with Adam thinking it would just be a regular hang out. I tell Amy about this and she says "I have something to tell you  oh wait I can't tell you right now. Call me after dinner." I was very suspicious and I kept trying to get her to tell me what she knew but she wouldn't budge. So I come to dinner completely unprepared. Adam asks me out and I was completely caught offguard. I had no idea. I reacted poorly  immediately rejected him and I wish I could have been nicer. I get back from dinner feeling completely shitty because it felt like I just ended our friendship.I talk to Amy afterwards and found out that she knew the entire time. I tried to confront her about why she didn't tell me beforehand but she just ignored the question and changed the subject by asking me questions like "so what did you say" and "how did he react." I brushed it off at the time because I needed someone to vent to about the whole situation. But now I'm thinking back on it and it felt really shady that 1) she hinted about information that she withheld from me 2) she avoided answering why she withheld it from me in the first place and 3) she seemed to enjoy talking about the rejection as if she enjoyed the drama. It just felt like she didn't really care about my or his feelings and just wanted to see how the drama played out.Of course I could be completely wrong. Maybe she felt like it wasn't in her place to share someone else's feelings. But then she shouldn't have hinted that she knew something in the first place. Am I the asshole for not wanting to tell her about my personal life anymore (essentially distancing myself from her)? Because this whole thing just made me feel like she enjoys hearing about my drama and doesn't actually care about me.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YTAYour friend probably knew.  It was actually better so you weren't able to cancel or come up with some excuse not to have dinner.  When it comes to crushes like this ripping the bandaid off and her not telling you was probably better.  Regardless if you knew or not the friendship with Adam was going to be over because you would have rejected him anyway. My (35m) fiance (23f) has never had a job she lives with her mom and has never had to struggle or work to produce an income. She was helping me find work and came across her "dream job". I told her she should apply for it and start working. She was very dismissive about it and closed up for awhile but I finally got her to engage in a conversation regarding it.She claims that in high school she had volunteer work and would become obsessive over it because she is a perfectionist going into a spiral and ending up in a mental breakdown. I have never experienced this happen to her in fact I've never really seen her obsess over anything. She does put a lot of effort into things but even under criticism she seems to handle it fine. Like cooking or singing. She has even performed in theater. All of which I have witnessed.She says I have never seen her "work" and she suffers from anxiety. I have never seen signs of this from her but from her viewpoint it's a huge problem that she wishes she could change. To me it seems like an excuse to not do anything extraneous. It seems like a self fulfilling prophecy and defeatism. I told her I was worried that she'd never get a job to help support us in the future and basically told her she needs to just do it and to work on her issues. It makes me nervous commiting to someone who may never pull their weight. I was open and told her what I thought about it in a polite way but I'm worried that I am downplaying her mental issues and anxiety. I'm walking on eggshells and she has mentioned before that she is worried her faults would be "used against her".(Edited to add this: I know fibromyalgia is real and people suffer from it sorry if it came out wrong!) She has other issues like fibromyalgia that has raised a few red flags and I wonder if she just makes stuff up as an excuse to get out of doing something but I always give her the benefit of the doubt.AITA for calling her out and telling her that she should get a job to actually work on her problems and stop being dramatic about everything? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Maybe marry an adult if you want someone who acts like one? NTA for urging someone to deal with issues they are aware they have. Assuming those issues are real and valid sorting those out will help with everything else. Nobody should feel they are walking on eggshells in a relationship. NTA. Anxiety isnt a valid reason for refusing to work. She needs to seek help if its hindering her from contributing to expenses. Its not that she may never pull her weight. Shes not pulling it now and has no intention of ever doing it.Who youre dating now is who she is so either buckle up or move on. NTA with limitations. If she can't work right now there are things she can be doing. Is she seeking care to make her issues better? Is she working on self improvement to better her prospects in the future? Has she looked into qualifying for SSI/SSDI (or the equivalent outside the US?)I understand what it's like to have a disability. I have narcolepsy anxiety OCD and dysthymia among a couple other things. I completely understand that there are cases where a person cannot work. If you love somebody and want to be with them you support them even if that is the case. But it's also reasonable to expect they put in as much effort as possible  even if it's just spending their time working on their health. Does she expect to be a typical home maker while you work? Is that a relationship dynamic you are happy with? If the answer to both is not yes you definitely have the right to state your expectations for mutual effort and have a conversation about what both of you think that looks like. NTA to tell her to work on herself. From what youve posted it seems like six years ago she burnt herself out on volunteer work and hasnt done anything since. Thats garbage.However some things catch my eye...1) the age difference. What do you expect? And 2) please dont associate fibromyalgia with making up illnesses. Its a real thing and people truly suffer. NTA. If you marry her how she is now she will never pull her weight. Perhaps put the breaks on the wedding and tell her you need for it to be an equal partnership before you marry her. NTA But I think probably you should have had this conversation with her before she became your fiance. Please tell me what "signs" you think people with disabilities should show? Because unless you either have those disabilities or are a doctor you have no say on how I act or when my disabilities act up. I have PTSD with dumb triggers that I hate having to explain every time it happens and if I don't "act a certain way" people don't believe me whether it's family or coworkers. I have other invisible disabilities that people belittle all the time because I dont fit their expectations and I can't express how hurtful and traumatising it is on top of dealing with those disabilities. Society sucks and you are contributing. The language you used throughout this post is exactly the same shit ive gotten my whole life and most other people like me deal with it too. It's not okay to even think talking like this is appropriate. If you don't want to be with her then don't but don't lead her on thinking you support her when you clearly don't or you would show her this post and apologize and promise to LISTEN to her and not pretend you know how she feels. Having disabilities doesn't make you lazy. Unpopular opinion but ESH.She sucks for being unable to even attempt to apply to work and possible for not addressing her anxiety. Im not sure what the fibromyalgia thing is about but her issues with finding employment dont seem to be related so Im discounting that for now.Youre the asshole but mostly to yourself for pulling a shocked pikachu face when the 23yearold whos never had a job and always lived with her parents (do you live together?) has weird hangups around jobs and finances. And you can say shes mature all you want but shes clearly lacking life experience and youre walking on eggshells around her because she doesnt want to get a job so...FYI its not just the doesnt want to get a job thing that will impact the relationship. Do your views on money even align? Does she know how to budget/save/etc? Have you talked about it? YTA. Youre doing the exact things that she says shes afraid ofyoure using her disabilities against her and accusing her of faking. Not everyone can handle a life with someone with disabilities but you should just admit to yourself that you dont have the strength do deal with it rather than accusing her of making her conditions up.And as someone with fibromyalgia you are an absolute and total AH if you think shes making it up. Its a truly awful disorder in which you experience excruciating physical pain every dang day. And stress is clinically proven to make it worsesay like the stress of your fianc accusing you of faking. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)My (35m) fiance (23f) has never had a job she lives with her mom and has never had to struggle or work to produce an income. She was helping me find work and came across her "dream job". I told her she should apply for it and start working. She was very dismissive about it and closed up for awhile but I finally got her to engage in a conversation regarding it.She claims that in high school she had volunteer work and would become obsessive over it because she is a perfectionist going into a spiral and ending up in a mental breakdown. I have never experienced this happen to her in fact I've never really seen her obsess over anything. She does put a lot of effort into things but even under criticism she seems to handle it fine. Like cooking or singing. She has even performed in theater. All of which I have witnessed.She says I have never seen her "work" and she suffers from anxiety. I have never seen signs of this from her but from her viewpoint it's a huge problem that she wishes she could change. To me it seems like an excuse to not do anything extraneous. It seems like a self fulfilling prophecy and defeatism. I told her I was worried that she'd never get a job to help support us in the future and basically told her she needs to just do it and to work on her issues. It makes me nervous commiting to someone who may never pull their weight. I was open and told her what I thought about it in a polite way but I'm worried that I am downplaying her mental issues and anxiety. I'm walking on eggshells and she has mentioned before that she is worried her faults would be "used against her".She has other issues like fibromyalgia that has raised a few red flags and I wonder if she just makes stuff up as an excuse to get out of doing something but I always give her the benefit of the doubt.AITA for calling her out and telling her that she should get a job to actually work on her problems and stop being dramatic about everything?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA  Went through the same thing with my ex except she decided to pull it in year 9 or 10. NTA. Is she doing anything to work on her issues? Therapy personal study consulting a physician? It sounds like she's doing nothing to help herself. Is she content to rely upon others such as you and her parents to take care of her for the rest of her life? It is reasonable to expect a partner to contribute to a relationship and loving someone is not enough to compensate. There are many people you can love who are actually capable and trying to improve themselves. She is showing you who she is. Believe her. INFO: is she seeing a professional for her anxiety? Has it been properly diagnosed? What steps is she taking to overcome these obstacles? NTA  she wants to go from 'my parents look after my so I dont need to try' to 'my husband will look after me so I dont need to try'.  Has she ever been independent? Does she know how to budget and look after paying bills ect. If you are going to marry her you need to sit down and calmly tell her your finance situation and how even if it is small she needs to contribute. If she is creative can she work from home on an etsy ? Claiming disability it also a startIf she has a dream job are there baby steps you can encourage so she can do related things or build up her skills? Seriously though she needs to look after herself if she is not already talking to someone. but depending on how long you have been dating vs the fact that you have not seen the anxiety or other things she says will happen is this a case of her being too afraid to make an effort due to fear of failure? Big red flag for her always finding an excuse not to do anything she thinks is 'too difficult' as she knows it will 'stress' her outEdit: spelling No judgement but expect comments about the age difference. No judgement but expect comments about the age difference. Mental illnesses are not an excuse to not get a job. She is perfectly capable and is being lazy because you are taking care of her. You should think about whether or not you want to fully support the two of you any longer and leave the relationship. NTA NTA. You say it's selfdiagnosed and to be honest it sounds like she's making things up so she hasn't to go to work. As someone who suffers from anxiety and constant physical pain to a point where I can barely move on some days (and still manage to go to work every day) what she says sounds incredibly lazy to me. I see a LOT of red flags here do you really want to be with someone who just lives off your money ? NTA. I think you're coming at this from a reasonable and wanting to understand place. I would DEFINITELY have these conversations (All that you've mentioned in your post and in your comments) before you get married. Good luck OP! NAH You arent wrong for being concerned about finances and this is a very big issue you need to address before you get married.  But shes an adult living at home not working so that should have been a pretty good indication of her ability and / or desire to pursue a career; its not like shes working now and is talking about quitting once youre married. YTA. You don't get to judge her mental health.You are well within your rights to not commit further to someone when you don't feel your situations and goals in life will work well together. But you're an absolute asshole for telling her that her health problems (which already cause her a lot of distress) are her "making stuff up" and "being dramatic". So I used to play video games with someone my age who would constantly get really toxic and annoying but I kept playing with him because he could be fun to play with on occasion. Keep in mind I dont often hold grudges on people either so any argument we got into resulted in not talking for maybe a day or two tops. Also no one ever really put him in his place when he would start making things personal. Anyways one night in particular we were playing a pretty competitive game against one another and he escalated the tensions pretty quickly as I was doing pretty well. Slowly his comments towards me became more and more personal. I usually took these pretty well from him as I grew used to his short temper but it started to get on my nerves. As he continued to hurl insults my way I started talking over him saying dude its just a game calm down and shh its alright. In retrospect this probably was pretty provocative.After this continued on for probably 3 minutes or so I finally caught a comment that sent me over the edge. I wont go into specifics but he ultimately said that he wished my father would pass away. I immediately stopped my rambling and said Just like yours? I immediately felt some regret in saying that but he stopped the toxicity for the rest of the night instantly and just softly said Ah. Good one. I entirely stopped playing with him a few months later because another toxic experience but looking back I feel like it would have been better to stop playing with him long before that. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Competition can get pretty toxic and although you can't control what he does or says you can control how you react. I understand it was a spur of the moment thing but you let him get through your skin like that.  ESH because no one was the better person and called off the game when it got too intense. ESH  he was a dick for a lot of reasons. However I'd assume a good portion of his anger issues come from emotional trauma of losing his dad. As always stooping to the level of someone who is being a dick head also makes you a dick head. NTA but I also agree that for your sake it probably would have been better to just stop play with him sooner.  It doesn't seem like the comment did any harm.  If anything he seemed more surprised that you "fought back" and didn't just let him be rude to you.  You probably could have done yourself a favor and stopped playing with him before this but not because of your comment.  He shouldn't say mean things and not expect for things to be said back to him. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)So I used to play video games with someone my age who would constantly get really toxic and annoying but I kept playing with him because he could be fun to play with on occasion. Keep in mind I dont often hold grudges on people either so any argument we got into resulted in not talking for maybe a day or two tops. Also no one ever really put him in his place when he would start making things personal. Anyways one night in particular we were playing a pretty competitive game against one another and he escalated the tensions pretty quickly as I was doing pretty well. Slowly his comments towards me became more and more personal. I usually took these pretty well from him as I grew used to his short temper but it started to get on my nerves. As he continued to hurl insults my way I started talking over him saying dude its just a game calm down and shh its alright. In retrospect this probably was pretty provocative.After this continued on for probably 3 minutes or so I finally caught a comment that sent me over the edge. I wont go into specifics but he ultimately said that he wished my father would pass away. I immediately stopped my rambling and said Just like yours? I immediately felt some regret in saying that but he stopped the toxicity for the rest of the night instantly and just softly said Ah. Good one. I entirely stopped playing with him a few months later because another toxic experience but looking back I feel like it would have been better to stop playing with him long before that.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTAHe doesnt get to berate you and not receive some back. ESH.He is a toxic gamer and deserved a come back but dude his father is dead. You don't disrespect anyone's dead family member. Especially someone you don't really know. I'm 21F and my dad is 50. My mom (46) passed away in April from sepsis. I am their only child as she couldn't have more. Since it was always just us 3 we have always been super close and had an awesome relationship. My mom was my favorite person in the world and my only best friend. My dad was never super strict with me but at the same time he raised me well and I was always a good kid.He's pretty normal modern and super smart so very open minded.My mom was sick my whole life (Lupus) and my dad had a short temper about money. So the constant medical bills rly put a strain on their marriage. My mom couldn't do much to keep house or make money. I'll just say he yelled a lot and made her feel very small for no reason. It was toxic and days before she died she told me she wanted to leave him because she couldn't take it anymore.Anyways very soon after she died he asked when I thought he could start dating because "she stopped being a wife a long time ago".So my mom died in April and by June my dad started dating a 46F he met online. I expressed that its weird and all that and basically said that I would prefer that none of this was happening but that hes a grown up and he can do what he wants. I told him to basically leave me out of it but he kinda ignored that bc I think he wants to have like a whole new family and stuff and wants my support. I dont like his gf. She's annoying. She's nice and a good person but I can't stand her. She's nothing like my mom. I am nice to her and act perfectly pleasant and treat her like a human. She has 2 daughters who I rly like and get along with.They still have their dad and I think that has a lot to do w/ the fact that they seem to be not having trouble w/ the situation. )Also she is not my mom. We all know she's not trying to replace anybody and she can't. But a mere 34 months after my mom died alone this lady is a reminder of how dead my mom is. I dont want her to go to my graduation. I dont even know when it will be bc of corona but I dont want her there. My mom should be there. Gf will be a reminder that my mom cannot be there. And I dont know this woman and don't love her. I want to invite people that have influenced my life loved me my whole life and supported me during my college career. I feel like it's my special day and I get to choose.My dad said he imagined her going to my graduation. I told him that I dont want to invite her. He seemed kind of disappointed and said that kind of ruined his whole vision. I think its unrealistic for him to expect me to welcome this woman into such important aspects of my life so soon. By now I have only met her twice. I know it is my decision and I don't feel forced to invite her. But I feel mean doing that because shes a good person and my dad's companion. AITA and being childish? If not what can I do if my dad eventually forces me to invite her? I only get a certain amount of tickets to give out so I'd have to pick and choose to a certain point. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. His vision of your graduation absolutely doesnt matter. You arent getting the graduation you envisioned either. NTA Tell him that you appreciate that he's moved on but you are still deeply grieving and that you need to feel like your mother is a part of your graduation and that she's there with you and you can't do that if your father's GF is there. This isn't about him. It's about you and how you feel. He's moved on. Great for him. You have not and for him to expect you have is not only ridiculous it's beyond hurtful. Tell him so. If his feelings are hurt then tell him he has not right to have hurt feelings over this. You barely know this woman. She means nothing to you. It's quite likely if she knew how you felt she'd keep her distance out of respect. Nta. Maybe call her and explain that while you like her you'd rather her not be at the ceremony bc itll remind you waaay much that your mom cant be there. Also fuck your dad. His 'vision' means absolutely nothing none of what you're doing is about him. You arent graduating for him you're graduating for yourself. I would just let gf know that you're not doing it to hurt her but to protect yourself. NTA. You don't have to invite anyone you don't want to like a wedding it is your day your choice. If having her there is painful explain that to your dad. Don't simply say you don't want her there explain having her there would be a reminder of your mom not being there. You can compromise by maybe going to a dinner to celebrate with your dad and her family if he wants her involved somehow. This is your choice as much as parents think it's their day it's actually a day to celebrate the graduate's accomplishments with whoever they want. NTA! It's totally unreasonable for him to expect you to invite a woman you barely know to an important life event especially when you are still grieving.It was insensitive of him to start dating  introduce you to his new gf so soon. It's been less than a year since you lost your mom!I'm sorry you're going through this. NTA. His vision? Uh no. It sounds like he has this image of his life now and he expects you to get in line. Not how it works NTA. This woman is basically a stranger to you and you are still in mourning. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)I'm 21F and my dad is 50. My mom (46) passed away in April from sepsis. I am their only child as she couldn't have more. Since it was always just us 3 we have always been super close and had an awesome relationship. My mom was my favorite person in the world and my only best friend. My dad was never super strict with me but at the same time he raised me well and I was always a good kid.He's pretty normal modern and super smart so very open minded.My mom was sick my whole life (Lupus) and my dad had a short temper about money. So the constant medical bills rly put a strain on their marriage. My mom couldn't do much to keep house or make money. I'll just say he yelled a lot and made her feel very small for no reason. It was toxic and days before she died she told me she wanted to leave him because she couldn't take it anymore.Anyways very soon after she died he asked when I thought he could start dating because "she stopped being a wife a long time ago".So my mom died in April and by June my dad started dating a 46F he met online. I expressed that its weird and all that and basically said that I would prefer that none of this was happening but that hes a grown up and he can do what he wants. I told him to basically leave me out of it but he kinda ignored that bc I think he wants to have like a whole new family and stuff and wants my support. I dont like his gf. She's annoying. She's nice and a good person but I can't stand her. She's nothing like my mom. I am nice to her and act perfectly pleasant and treat her like a human. She has 2 daughters who I rly like and get along with.They still have their dad and I think that has a lot to do w/ the fact that they seem to be not having trouble w/ the situation. )Also she is not my mom. We all know she's not trying to replace anybody and she can't. But a mere 34 months after my mom died alone this lady is a reminder of how dead my mom is. I dont want her to go to my graduation. I dont even know when it will be bc of corona but I dont want her there. My mom should be there. Gf will be a reminder that my mom cannot be there. And I dont know this woman and don't love her. I want to invite people that have influenced my life loved me my whole life and supported me during my college career. I feel like it's my special day and I get to choose.My dad said he imagined her going to my graduation. I told him that I dont want to invite her. He seemed kind of disappointed and said that kind of ruined his whole vision. I think its unrealistic for him to expect me to welcome this woman into such important aspects of my life so soon. By now I have only met her twice. I know it is my decision and I don't feel forced to invite her. But I feel mean doing that because shes a good person and my dad's companion. AITA and being childish? If not what can I do if my dad eventually forces me to invite her? I only get a certain amount of tickets to give out so I'd have to pick and choose to a certain point.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA I wouldnt invite the dad either but thats just me. Just because he thought she stopped being a wife doesnt mean she ever stopped being a mother to you. Tell your dad to pound sand I think YTA. It's understandable I would imagine you're still processing the grief of your loss but generally speaking the "I just don't like her" thing doesn't work when you're inviting people to an important ceremony like graduations or weddings; you invite them with a plus one (or sometimes more if they have kids). If your invitee's date had done something especially objectionable an exception could be made but as things stand I think you're being impolite and immature about it and would do well to apologize and relent on this. This whole situation started 3 weeks ago when the security firm that I work for hired a new guard for the medical facility that I am a supervisor over. Let's call this new guard Alicia. Alicia is an 18 year old girl who is a family friend of my boss.Her first week goes by without any issues until Thursday I get a call from her stating that she has been arrested. She wouldn't tell me why she was arrested other than that she had a warrant for her arrest. I ended up having to cover the rest of her shifts over the weekend. My boss and I were pissed but a few days later he called and told me that Alicia had provided adequate paperwork to verify her story and that she would be returning to work on Monday.The next week goes by and I receive multiple complaints from employees from different departments that she has a bad attitude and doesn't respond well to people asking her to do her work. So as her supervisor I had a convo with her about this. She gave me push back and asked why my boss wasn't the one telling her this. I told her that I was her supervisor here at this post and she was my responsibility.At this point I've had enough. I called my boss and requested that she be fired. Due to covid finding a replacement was a tall order. My boss had a "last chance convo with Alicia. He informed her that any more bad behavior meant she would be fired.Less than a week after Alicia's "last chance" conversation with my boss she fails to show up on time again. I called her and clearly woke her up. I asked where she was and she replied that she would be there in an hour. I told her that she would no longer be needed and to stay home. I informed her that she would need to call our boss in the morning and if she was lucky she might still have a job.Alicia did not take this well. She starts to get angry over the phone call accusing me and my boss of "plotting against her" for weeks. At this point I had had enough of this girl's attitude. I told her "Look I know I just woke you up but you need to stop dreaming. This isn't high school. I'm not some queen bee "plotting against you". This is the real world where there are consequences for your actions. In 3 weeks you have: been arrested which caused you to miss 2 shifts that we had to cover been disrespectful to other employees and myself been an hour and a half late to a shift and now slept through your alarm. I have been fired from jobs for much less than this." She responded with: "Just wait until I talk to your boss and get you fired. Besides I'm gonna get to go on unemployment and make more money than you!" I ended the conversation with "Tell boss I said hi! Enjoy flipping burgers for the rest of your life! Oh; and by the way you don't get to collect unemployment if you were fired for cause!" and hung up.Apparently Alicia called my boss crying and now my boss thinks I went too far. I recorded the phone call and sent it to him but haven't heard back. So reddit AITA?EDIT/ UPDATE: My boss called me back and we ended up laughing about the situation. He said that he listened to the call and that given the circumstances he approved of how I handled it. He said that the reason he made me the supervisor of that post was because I don't take shit from anyone and that I was to weed out unfit guards. Guess both me and my boss are the asshole after all! Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. I mean youre sort of the asshole but only for the last part. As a supervisor you are expected to be professional at all times. Fair or not it seems like you crossed the line with the personal insult NTA  and you may be quite sure that the tears were all for show. I'm gonna say NTA but you could have been more respectful no matter how much someone who is under supervision annoys you it should be your responsibility to act professional and calm when dealing with a work place incident. With that being said she was clearly a careless employee with a bad attitude and no good work ethic so yes she should be fired. NTA. I have worked as a security guard before and it takes a thick skin. If she reacted poorly for you giving her a taste of the real world how is she going to react when someone gets hostile with her and she has to de escalate the situation? Its not an office job with office culture or HR department. Its a blue collar job where guards often talk shit to each other. Good on you for putting that disrespectful shit in her place! NTA  usually the first 3090 days of any employment is a probationary period. She got the job bc of her connections. She chose to be a shitty employee. She chose to not be responsible bc she thought she was entitled to being a shit employee since the boss is friends w her parents. Her choices are not your fault or problem until it affects your worklife balance. Stating the obvious does not make you the asshole. Thats called being a supervisor/manager. Girl needs grow up and stop being a shitty person. I have to agree with your boss. It's not about being rude or anything like that. It's unprofessional. You should have said what you needed to say and left it at that. Instead you decided to insult her. You didn't need to stoop to her level so YTA. Treating an employee badly can get your company in a lot of trouble and you need to think about that. ESH. You were both WILDLY unprofessional. I would get proactive with your boss and request HR/management training to handle terminations better in the future. Acknowledge you fucked up and demonstrate a willingness to get better because right now you probably look as bad as Alicia to your boss. Everybody is TA.  How does a security guard not lose their job after being arrested?   Seems like a character flaw. NTAIt is much harder for me to fire employees that have done far worse than this.  There have been days where I want to do it.  Instead I write them up and send them to HR to waste even more of my time. NTAI'd be more forgiving if it was a few slip ups and she was working to fix her mistakes. However she was consistently a bad employee and made no effort to fix herself. Advise: As someone who has worked in Human Resources for 10 years you went to far as the manager. You should have just told her that she was fired because she failed to show up to work. She was aware that if she missed another shift she would be let go. If she said one comment back you should have told her that she could speak to your manager and end the call. You then call your manager and inform him that she failed to show up for her shift after the verb warning and you terminated her job. When you argue back and forth with an employee who is terminated it makes HR job harder. You are right that she can not claim unemployment since she was let go due to cause. Dont argue with an employee. Just make sure you document everything. When you deal with animals sometimes you get dirty.  NTA AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)This whole situation started 3 weeks ago when the security firm that I work for hired a new guard for the medical facility that I am a supervisor over. Let's call this new guard Alicia. Alicia is an 18 year old girl who is a family friend of my boss. Her first week goes by without any issues until Thursday I get a call from her stating that she has been arrested. She wouldn't tell me why she was arrested other than that she had a warrant for her arrest. I ended up having to cover the rest of her shifts over the weekend. My boss and I were pissed but a few days later he called and told me that Alicia had provided adequate paperwork to verify her story and that she would be returning to work on Monday.The next week goes by and I receive multiple complaints from employees from different departments that she has a bad attitude and doesn't respond well to people asking her to do her work. So as her supervisor I had a convo with her about this. She gave me push back and asked why my boss wasn't the one telling her this. I told her that I was her supervisor here at this post and she was my responsibility.At this point I've had enough. I called my boss and requested that she be fired. Due to covid finding a replacement was a tall order. My boss had a "last chance convo with Alicia. He informed her that any more bad behavior meant she would be fired. Less than a week after Alicia's "last chance" conversation with my boss she fails to show up on time again. I called her and clearly woke her up. I asked where she was and she replied that she would be there in an hour. I told her that she would no longer be needed and to stay home. I informed her that she would need to call our boss in the morning and if she was lucky she might still have a job.Alicia did not take this well. She starts to get angry over the phone call accusing me and my boss of "plotting against her" for weeks. At this point I had had enough of this girl's attitude. I told her "Look I know I just woke you up but you need to stop dreaming. This isn't high school. I'm not some queen bee "plotting against you". This is the real world where there are consequences for your actions. In 3 weeks you have: been arrested which caused you to miss 2 shifts that we had to cover been disrespectful to other employees and myself been an hour and a half late to a shift and now slept through your alarm. I have been fired from jobs for much less than this." She responded with: "Just wait until I talk to your boss and get you fired. Besides I'm gonna get to go on unemployment and make more money than you!" I ended the conversation with "Tell boss I said hi! Enjoy flipping burgers for the rest of your life! Oh; and by the way you don't get to collect unemployment if you were fired for cause!" and hung up.Apparently Alicia called my boss crying and now my boss thinks I went too far. I recorded the phone call and sent it to him but haven't heard back. So reddit AITA?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. ESHShe should have been taking her job seriously. You should have remained professional even when firing her instead of channeling your own inner eighteen year old. NTA it might have been a bit unprofessional but she needed to hear it. It sounds like this girl is living in her own little bubble and has no idea what consequences are. NTA. I could call you out on some professionalism issues but honestly it was the right response for that situation. Standard "corporate" dialog was not going to get through her 18 year old head. I think most of us have some version of harsh reality talk that gets us on the right path (thank you Terry back in 1986) those of us who listen and learn become better employees those who don't become unemployed and have a more complicated past job history to explain. YTA she needed to be reprimanded and likely fired but you let a petty 18 year old make you act completely unprofessionally. YTA. You seem to be an adult act like one. The last part about after tell the boss hi was not necessary. Most of the conversation was a good wake up call to life. The last part was worded in such a way that it does make it seem like a high school drama. Simply informing them unfortunately you are unable to collect unemployment for being fired with cause would have sufficed since it lets them know if they should seek another job if they are financially unstable. You were being petty and behaved like a child after calling them out. What are they supposed to think adulthood is like now?I get it I supervise a bunch of teens. They behave like little shits sometimes. But when I need to deliver important information that is serious its business proffesional or nothing. You are their senior when shit hits the fan you have to act like it no matter how much you want to shir on them. ESH.  She's an irresponsible twit. You on the other hand have committed the cardinal sin of mistaking 'boss' for 'dad'. It's not your place to lecture anybody. Fire for cause? Absolutely. Turn it into a paternalistic 'teachable moment'? Nope. You overstepped and lowered yourself professionally and personally to the level of a teenager with behavioral issues. Not a good look on any level. Im going to have to say YTA you were in the clear until the very end I (24F) should preface by saying Im not engaged  but Ive been with my partner (24M) for 6 years and were starting to get to our mid 20s (plus hes said things like we should go to a engagement ring store to discuss what I do and dont like/ring sizes so that he can surprise me later when Im not expecting it with a ring he knows Ill like). My dad is a doctor and head of his division. Growing up I barely saw him. He left the house at 5 a.m. and came back at 89 p.m. You know that scene in movies where the mean girl looks out into the crowd before she performs and hopes to see her dad but hes not there and it humanizes her? It was that my whole life except I never expected him to be there. He also belittled my interests and body shamed me. That said in the past couple years Ive noticed him making an active effort to get along with me and not say mean things since all the kids have left home. I can tell he regrets missing out on our lives. My wedding will be the first event in my life hes ever been to since a birthday when I was 7. My mom (57F) raised me as a homemaker. I honestly feel like if the ritual is about the family you came from transitioning the family you will have it would be her. Im going to have them both walk me down the aisle but for the traditional first dance I feel like I would want a slow dance with her but with my dad the only song thats ours at all or relates to our relationship is Rhythm of the Night by Corona which is a 90s dance anthem. I mentioned it to my sister (21F) and she said I WBTA because he has made active efforts to repair our relationship (although he has never outright apologized) and this would impact our family dynamic rather than me just being a little uncomfortable for a few min. She didnt say it in a mean way so dont slam her. I would feel more comfortable with a fast song but I feel like I would be TA for not allowing this opportunity for us to bond and have a pure moment to move forward or relationship given his difficulty expressing himself through words. WIBTA? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. It's a dance. Why should it matter how fast the song is? Plus it is your wedding and you aren't acting like a bridezilla so it's OK. NTA. There is nothing wrong with using a fast song if it is meaningful to you. Slow songs are common because they are "easier" to dance to or at least rock to. Fast songs are more fun but require a little knowledge of how to dance. My fatherdaughter dance was a swing dance to a faster song. My older brother also picked a fast song for his motherson dance because it was meaningful. NTA. It's your wedding you can opt in for traditional elements you like opt out of the ones you don't or modernize things. Personally I'd just dunno the father daughter dance. Many people do. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)I (24F) should preface by saying Im not engaged  but Ive been with my partner (24M) for 6 years and were starting to get to our mid 20s (plus hes said things like we should go to a engagement ring store to discuss what I do and dont like/ring sizes so that he can surprise me later when Im not expecting it with a ring he knows Ill like). My dad is a doctor and head of his division. Growing up I barely saw him. He left the house at 5 a.m. and came back at 89 p.m. You know that scene in movies where the mean girl looks out into the crowd before she performs and hopes to see her dad but hes not there and it humanizes her? It was that my whole life except I never expected him to be there. He also belittled my interests and body shamed me. That said in the past couple years Ive noticed him making an active effort to get along with me and not say mean things since all the kids have left home. I can tell he regrets missing out on our lives. My wedding will be the first event in my life hes ever been to since a birthday when I was 7. My mom (57F) raised me as a homemaker. I honestly feel like if the ritual is about the family you came from transitioning the family you will have it would be her. Im going to have them both walk me down the aisle but for the traditional first dance I feel like I would want a slow dance with her but with my dad the only song thats ours at all or relates to our relationship is Rhythm of the Night by Corona which is a 90s dance anthem. I mentioned it to my sister (21F) and she said I WBTA because he has made active efforts to repair our relationship (although he has never outright apologized) and this would impact our family dynamic rather than me just being a little uncomfortable for a few min. She didnt say it in a mean way so dont slam her. I would feel more comfortable with a fast song but I feel like I would be TA for not allowing this opportunity for us to bond and have a pure moment to move forward or relationship given his difficulty expressing himself through words. WIBTA?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. This is not a decision you need to make yet. Youre not even engaged and you have no idea what your relationship with your father will look like when you do get married. Plus if he is paying for it he should have some input. YTA. Yta  why are you stressing about something you are not even in the planing stages for?When you have the ring and a date picked then decide what to do. At this rate it could be another 10 years before your ceremony. Pick a song you want or skip the dance altogether  do what you want. NTA (your sister is the asshole) if its meaningful to both you and your dad everyone else can go to hell. NTA. Its your wedding you do as you choose!  The slow father/daughter dance is a bit creepy to me anyway. (Personal opinion!)Edit to say: if you want to make it more special make some cute choreography to go with it! NTA. Its your wedding do things the way you want That depends. Would he find it insulting to do a fast dance with you? Or would he enjoy it and find it fun? If hes working to repair your relationship and you do a fast dance when he wants a slow once I would say yes YWBTA. Why can you do two slow songs one with your mom and one with your dad? But if he would have a good time with a fast song and enjoy it then why not? NTA Im inclined to say NTA. I think a song with some significance to the two of you would be better than some random song you can slow dance to. Idk maybe speak to him and see how feels about it? Im a longtime lurker so I apologize if the format is bad. Im leaving out a couple identifiable details.For over a decade I struggled with disordered eating. My teenage years were really bad and while I am much better now I try to avoid a lot of triggers (for example I dont own a scale). I also have a really supportive partner who is truly incredible. The other day I was visiting my siblings who still live with my parents. My mother commented wow your butt is bigger than (my youngest sister). You really want that? This was after I had been there a couple hours and the comment was out of the blue.I freaked out and called said she had no respect for me and yelled. The thing is Im finally happy with my body and Im happy to be where I am (and Im happy with my butt).For background my mother signed me up for a diet program when I was 13 years old after I said I couldnt fit into my jeans. She also bought me diet pills after I asked her to. When I gained weight my senior year of high school she would buy me L and XL clothes saying that I needed them even though I only needed a medium.  She also has said that my butt was too big and  that it was wrong for a woman to have that big of a butt. She wouldnt buy us a lot of sweets and was super strict with what food we ate. I know in her mind she thought she was being helpful but she wasnt. Despite the fact that I dont live there I do want to see my siblings. My brother told me I was the asshole for yelling at my mother because I shouldnt be so sensitive. Yes I am an adult but its still frustrating that she still doesnt understand that her behaviour contributed a lot to my eating disorder. So AITA for yelling (and for wanting a big butt). Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Fuck no you're NTA but your mother is dear gods. Absofuckinglutely NTA! Your mother is the epitome of an asshole though. We are so much more than our bodies so good for you for finally getting over your hurdles and being happy with your body. Your mother obviously isn't happy with hers or she wouldn't buy into the dietculture mentality. Also who the fuck signs THEIR CHILD up for something like that?! I just pray your sister isn't brainwashed by your mother. NTA your mom is abusive. idk what u look like so for all i know ur mom is exaggerating but who doesn't want a big butt nowadays? continue to be proud of your body im happy for you. NTA whoooooooo comments on someone else's body like that? Imagine that anywhere else in society. "Welcome to Target can I help you?" "Yes what's with your giant ass?" Ugh your mom's a nightmare and sorry you had to deal with that. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Im a longtime lurker so I apologize if the format is bad. Im leaving out a couple identifiable details.For over a decade I struggled with disordered eating. My teenage years were really bad and while I am much better now I try to avoid a lot of triggers (for example I dont own a scale). I also have a really supportive partner who is truly incredible. The other day I was visiting my siblings who still live with my parents. My mother commented wow your butt is bigger than (my youngest sister). You really want that? This was after I had been there a couple hours and the comment was out of the blue.I freaked out and called said she had no respect for me and yelled. The thing is Im finally happy with my body and Im happy to be where I am (and Im happy with my butt).For background my mother signed me up for a diet program when I was 13 years old after I said I couldnt fit into my jeans. She also bought me diet pills after I asked her to. When I gained weight my senior year of high school she would buy me L and XL clothes saying that I needed them even though I only needed a medium.  She also has said that my butt was too big and  that it was wrong for a woman to have that big of a butt. She wouldnt buy us a lot of sweets and was super strict with what food we ate. I know in her mind she thought she was being helpful but she wasnt. Despite the fact that I dont live there I do want to see my siblings. My brother told me I was the asshole for yelling at my mother because I shouldnt be so sensitive. Yes I am an adult but its still frustrating that she still doesnt understand that her behaviour contributed a lot to my eating disorder. So AITA for yelling (and for wanting a big butt).I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA  i love my big butt as well!! Because its always there to catch me when I fall (literally saved by my fat ass when i came off my motorcycle) It sounds like your mother has serious issues and has been taking them out on you since you were a child.Depending on his age i would talk to your brother and explain that your mother knows this kind of thing will upset you and she said it anyway. Try to compare it with something he would find upsetting for your mother to tell him. Is she just hung up on body shape or is she also bullying your brother like she did with you? Tell him you want a relationship with him but your mother was not an adult when she made that comment she was the one being rude. My daughter has unfortunately started acting out ever since her best friend passed away when she was 13. She started underage drinking doing illegal drugs ended up getting pregnant at 15 doesnt take care of her child refuses to go to therapy or rehab and upsets her younger sister. We put her in therapy as soon as we find out her best friend passed away because we knew how hard it is for someone to lose someone dear to them especially at such a young age. when she turned 18 she refused to go back and we couldnt force her to go.I recently found out I have cancer and even with treatment I wont have much time left as awful as it sounds I really dont want to spend my last years on earth chasing after my daughter. When my daughter found out she wasnt exactly comforting and said really harsh things to me that honestly isnt helping with my mental state and train of thought here.I have tried kicking her out before but she didnt do any of the necessary things to prepare herself to move out like her a job or save money and I feel like its to harsh to kick her out knowing shes gonna be homeless because all of the harm that can happen to her( our grandchild wouldnt be because ether my husband and I or my oldest son and his wife would take her in)Im honestly at lost on what to do because my husband doesnt really want to kicked her out too knowing that she be put in harms ways. Would I be the asshole if I kick out my daughter? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. It sounds like theres already a safety net in place for your grand child so youre good there. As far as your daughter... It sounds like youve done what you can for her and shes beyond help at this point. Personally I dont see any point spending what time you have left on a lost cause instead of getting your affairs in order and making sure youre comfortable. NTA. You need to take care of yourself and she's an adult. Honestly I thinks it's too hard to make a judgement call on this. I can see the argument for both sides and without knowing you or your daughter or the full extent of whats been going on the last few years; I really couldn't say. But I do want to say that I'm sorry you're in this situation it's a horrible thing to go through. I hope that you make the right decision for you and your family I hope your daughter gets the help that she needs and most of all I hope that your granddaughter isn't too badly affected by all of this. If you ever want to vent to an impartial stranger reddit is always here and so am I. NTA. I'm sorry for your cancer. Your daughter has done this for years AND has done therapy. No change. And tbh I don't think she will. NTAShes an adult and shes gotta act like it sooner or later. Whats her plan when you pass? Its gonna be hard but its a lesson she needs sooner or later. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)My daughter has unfortunately started acting out ever since her best friend passed away when she was 13. She started underage drinking doing illegal drugs ended up getting pregnant at 15 doesnt take care of her child refuses to go to therapy or rehab and upsets her younger sister. We put her in therapy as soon as we find out her best friend passed away because we knew how hard it is for someone to lose someone dear to them especially at such a young age. when she turned 18 she refused to go back and we couldnt force her to go.I recently found out I have cancer and even with treatment I wont have much time left as awful as it sounds I really dont want to spend my last years on earth chasing after my daughter. When my daughter found out she wasnt exactly comforting and said really harsh things to me that honestly isnt helping with my mental state and train of thought here.I have tried kicking her out before but she didnt do any of the necessary things to prepare herself to move out like her a job or save money and I feel like its to harsh to kick her out knowing shes gonna be homeless because all of the harm that can happen to her( our grandchild wouldnt be because ether my husband and I or my oldest son and his wife would take her in)Im honestly at lost on what to do because my husband doesnt really want to kicked her out too knowing that she be put in harms ways. Would I be the asshole if I kick out my daughter?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. INFO: is it possible to give her a deadline by which she has to move out so that she can save and get a place? INFO: If you kick her out will she be on the street or are you planning to help her with a few months of rent? INFO: does the daughter currently not have a job at all? Does she know you all will take care of the granddaughter if she moves out? Will she fight for her daughter (your grandchild) or does she not care? If she cares then the granddaughter is your best way to get her attention telling her she needs to straighten up for her child. It sounds like although your daughter has issues she needs a serious wakeup call. Give her a deadline to move out tell her due to your concerns granddaughter will not go with her. Stay calm and get her packing boxes to show you are serious. See if she panics or just gets angry and defensive. She wants to refuse help and 'be an adult' then she can go do it elsewhere.I would offer to go look for places with her say you will help with the deposit. But if she is refusing help in other areas of her life she will probably refuse this help too unless she suddenly realises that she needs to actually look after herself. NTA.  She has made her decisions.   Find he an affordable place and pay the first several months rent and give her a little spending money.   Tell he now it is up to her to get a job and figure out paying ongoing. NTA.  People deal with major loss differently.  I lost my husband and 2 children and I dealt with it. But I was in my 20s and more equipped to cope than your daughter was at that time.  The damage has been done and it's entirely up to her to fix it now.  You did what you could.I am sorry you even have to think about this right now. For your last few years you're going to give up on helping your daughter heal (because quite evidently she still has a lot of trauma to process and still needs help) and instead put her in the worst position possible by making her homeless while jobless with no/little money. Say you really do kick her out.  Do you seriously wanna spend the last few years knowing your daughter is in a shitty place for possibly the rest of her life? While her father (who supposedly kicks her out too) lives on knowing he failed as a parent and will have to tell his grandchild how their mother ended up? If it isn't obvious already YTA. so i wanted to get rid of a dog cause it just was not working out so i put her on craigslist and this woman ( now i think it was some punk kid ) texted me and said she was a teacher on zoom cause of covid i don't know why but my gut told me not to do it but we picked a place to meet it was a hour from where i lived and 2 hours from where she lived so she said. but she wanted to meet at 8:00PM EST and i did not like that but this dog was being hell so i said ok so me and my kids ( 3 of them ) drive a hour and sit there for a hour then she said to drive 44 more mins so we can meet in the middle and i had no idea where she wanted me to meet her so i said i did not feel right going that long from home ( btw am a 33F )with kids under the age of 8 in the car getting fussy so she just bug me to meet her 44 mins from where she said to meet in the first place and she did not text back for 20 some mins so i just started driving home never heard from her i think it was some teen messing with me or someone trying to kidnap us or mabye i i blew off someone   ( btw i told them i has my kids in the car ) AITA Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. errrrr YTA for "wanting to get rid of a dog" and putting it on Craigslist. What the fuck did I just read YTA. Selling a dog to a stranger you know nothing about is an asshole thing to do. NTA for leaving the teenager. They were taking too long and you did have kids in your car.But YTA for putting your dog on Craigslist in the first place. ESH!! A pet is a responsibility you should not have taken on if you could not handle it take time to find that dog a new nice home that they deserve do not just put them up for sale like an old bike and sell them to any random person who could treat them awfully. Shes the asshole for messing with you and you're the asshole for taking three kids and a dog on an almost 2 hour journey late at night to meet a random person you dont know and definitely dont trust. YTA.You made this person drive for 2 hours and you didn't feel comfortable with it before you even left your house.Also a dog is a part of your family. You don't just "get rid" of them. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)so i wanted to get rid of a dog cause it just was not working out so i put her on craigslist and this woman ( now i think it was some punk kid ) texted me and said she was a teacher on zoom cause of covid i don't know why but my gut told me not to do it but we picked a place to meet it was a hour from where i lived and 2 hours from where she lived so she said. but she wanted to meet at 8:00PM EST and i did not like that but this dog was being hell so i said ok so me and my kids ( 3 of them ) drive a hour and sit there for a hour them she said to drive 44 more mins so we can meet in the middle and i had no idea where she wanted me to meet her so i said i did not feel right going of that long from home ( btw am a 33F )with kids under the age of 8 in the car getting fussy so she just bug me to meet her 44 mins from where she said to meet in the first place and she did not text back for 20 some mins so i just started driving home never heard from her i think it was some teen messing with me or someone trying to kidnap us  ( btw i told them i has my kids in the car ) AITAI am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YTA for dumping a dog via craigslist and not using punctuation. I'm a 23F and I am very fortunate that my parents were able to buy me a home a few years ago. I currently rent it out since there is no need for me to live there just yet.I have a fiancee (25M) who I have been with for the past 2 years and we plan on getting married in the next year or whenever restrictions are lifted we aren't in a rush. The other day my fiance told me that he wants to put his name on the house title when we married and move in when my tenant's lease is up which is in a few months. This really surprised me because our plan was to buy a fixerupper house and make it our own and we currently live in his apartment where we split bills evenly.I told him that I was uncomfortable with that explaining that I did not want to kick out my tenants since they are very awesome. I then told him that I did not want to put his name on the title even when we do get married.My reasoning for this is that in the state we live in everything gained during a marriage is subject to be split evenly while everything gained before remains with the original owner. I do not want to risk my house being taken from me or having to pay him half of what it is worth on the chance we get divorced.  He got really quiet and our conversations have been really tense.When I told my friends about this they told me I was TA and very selfish.So Reddit AITA for not wanting to put my fiance's name on the title of my house? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. And you should get a prenup. NTA get a prenup 100000. Protect yourself. Where I live is the same law but was told by my lawyer that name on title doesnt matter he would still be entitled to half of my home once we lived there together for two years and he could prove he contributed to bills ie. repair or utilities. NTA. Presumably he will be benefiting from the income from the home as your spouse. He really has nothing to worry about unless yall break up in which case it was yours before the marriage. NTA.My first instinct is to say especially to another woman keep your property  and that was before you clarified that you live in a community property state. Now I feel even more strongly about it.I could only see sense in you putting him on the deed is if he gave you something of his of around equal value. Say if he had a pricey boat and made you the coowner for example. Otherwise its a oneway deal and I dont see the financial wisdom of that. What you acquire together as a married couple should be shared. I dont see why anyone needs to go back and retroactively claim prior assets of the other person. Does he want to lay a claim on the stuffed teddy bear you got when you were six too?I think that you two should probably sit down with a financial advisor. Its a good thing for engaged couples to do anyway. If he or she is worth their salt as an advisor theyre going to tell him exactly what you told him about keeping the property separate and then youre not the bad guy. And stop sharing so much of your personal business with other people. Even friends are just going to make you second guess yourself when you know deep down that youre right.What I want to know (INFO) is why he suddenly wants to live in your house when you two had a firm housing plan that was completely different? What reason did he give for changing his mind? NTA. Definitely echoing what the other poster said re: a prenup. NTA. If he loves you enough to marry you he loves you enough to understand that you need to protect yourself. The fact that you would have a safety net if anything went wrong in the relationship should be a source of comfort not contention. NTA. Getting married doesn't mean you have to share everything. You're allowed to want and have your own things especially if it's huge like a house you already own. NTA its your house! I would buy another home jointly with him and if he has a problem with it you need to think about your future with him. NTA.  In fact you might consider taking a big step back and looking at everything given this new information from your fiance NTA.I did the same thing and were still together 6 years later with my parents house. Definitely dont do it and make sure its added into your prenup NTA.Imo you should keep your house under your name and continue on with the tenancy revenue.And like you said buy another house with your fiance paying his money into that along with yours. NTA for not wanting to put his name on the deed. You should get a prenup so that home remains yours. However I dont think your fianc is TA for wanting to live in the house. Rent is expensive! The opportunity to live rent free could really help you two get ahead. NTA. Not his house so he doesnt get a say in the matter. NTA. And anyone who is saying otherwise is gas lighting you. NTA.  You need to cover yourself in the event of a divorce.  You might want to consult with an attorney about a prenup to further protect your assets. NTA. Youre being cautious and thats reasonable. NTA don't do it. I echo pretty much everyone else's thoughts NTAHe isnt financially responsible for the house in any way so theres no reason to put him on the title. Its your house and theres no reason it shouldnt remain your house even after you marry. Nta  part of marriage is hoping for the best but preparing for the worst.Cover your own assets but build a life together. NTA. The house belongs to you. You arent obligated to put his name on it if that makes you uncomfortable. NTA. I feel like he's going to say 'why are you thinking about what will happen if we divorce?!' but...why would he be asking about the title if he wasn't thinking about the same thing? NTA for sure but also not calling your husband TA. Any partner who hasn't had anything that significant to lose in a 50/50 split isn't going to consider that kind of thought or logic and it doesn't sound like he got unreasonably upset more so a little shaken.Maybe make he understands that you enjoy your independence and also you enjoy him and all the things you can do with him and with the money you get from this property. Those two things aren't mutually exclusive but if he has resentment about your independence that's ... not a great sign.If anyone's TA here it's your friends. NTA  theres no reason his name needs to be on it NTA house is yours before marriage he should understand why youre protecting yourself. Get a prenup if you have to. NTA. Please have a financial conversation before the wedding. NTA. Your reasoning is sound. As is your financial plan. Here's a better thing to say to your fiance tnough than the whole divorce thing: if his name isn't on the title when you two do go to buy another house for the two of you he will still qualify as a "first time homeowner" and all the financial perks that offers. Your reasoning is still sound but why focus on the negative (possible divorce) when you can focus on the positive (possible perks). NTA.  When I got married I sold my house and moved into my wifes house.  I didnt think twice about my name not being on the deed.   When we got a new place both of our names went on that deed. NTA...his name does not belong on the title until he has made contributions equal to you and your parents contributions. My friend's mother in law harped on the same thing until she was given a financial breakdown  of the actual contribution  required to add Sonny Boy's name to the title. Shut her up real quick! NTA and him saying that he wants his name on the deed makes me suspicious.   You don't enter a marriage thinking it will fail but in this case please get a prenup. NTASince there isnt a mortgage youre sharing he doesnt really have any claim to the house. NAH  What you are doing is related to a prenuptial agreement. Some have them some dont. You do need to be on the same page as fianc or its not going to work. NTA. You are being pragmatic and financially responsible. Consider posting in r/personalfinance or r/ financialindependence if you need advice or further support. NTA. Why would he care about his name being on the deed if he isn't thinking about what would happen in the event of a divorce? If he really thinks you're destined to be together forever then adding his name to the house does nothing to benefit him yet puts risk on you. That doesn't make sense. NTA.  Unless he is willing to pay you half of the house's value he is not entitled to half ownership. NTA! Big time! You need to keep that house as your asset and yours alone.  In fact his demands are setting off some alarms.  Time for a prenup. NTA This is why there are prenups NTA. A house your parents bought for you is in no way his. I would wonder why he even asked for his name to be added to the title. Thats weird. And your friends are giving you bad advice. NAH. I think you're absolutely right from a practical sense to want to keep the property in your name. And it's great of you to not want to kick out good tenants (during a global pandemic no less). I can also see why your husband to be might be upset. Prenups can be a touchy subject. He might feel that by planning for the scenario of a divorce you are not fully invested in making the relationship work. I think you guys should have an open and honest conversation about where this is coming from why he is changing plans etc. Nope. A prenup is always fair. "Marriage is for life" is sweet but we all know the world doesn't work like that. Where I live you'll automatically keep what you had before marriage (be it assets as well as debts) and the only thing being divided is things bought during the marriage. A joint fixer upper would be better since that would have both your names on it you'd both pay for the upgrade and then rent from tenants could be used towards building a life together (what's left when upgrades and other costs on the rental has been deducted of course). To me this would make you more equal without any of you signing away what you had before you were married.NTA. NTA. Youre right to maintain the property in your name. If you dont get divorced ownership of the property isnt an issue. If you do get divorced hes not entitled to any share of your separate property. But this is the kind of discussion it helps to have before youre married. Its good for you to know that he expects you to give him half your property in return for nothing and that he gets tense when he doesnt get his way. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)I'm a 23F and I am very fortunate that my parents were able to buy me a home a few years ago. I currently rent it out since there is no need for me to live there just yet.I have a fiancee (25M) who I have been with for the past 2 years and we plan on getting married in the next year or whenever restrictions are lifted we aren't in a rush. The other day my fiance told me that he wants to put his name on the house title when we married and move in when my tenant's lease is up which is in a few months. This really surprised me because our plan was to buy a fixerupper house and make it our own and we currently live in his apartment where we split bills evenly.I told him that I was uncomfortable with that explaining that I did not want to kick out my tenants since they are very awesome. I then told him that I did not want to put his name on the lease even when we do get married. My reasoning for this is that in the state we live in everything gained during a marriage is subject to be split evenly while everything gained before remains with the original owner. I do not want to risk my house being taken from me or having to pay him half of what it is worth on the chance we get divorced.  He got really quiet and our conversations have been really tense.When I told my friends about this they told me I was TA and very selfish.So Reddit AITA for not wanting to put my fiance's name on the title of my house?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA.  But maybe suggest he buy a house before marriage.My father and his 3rd wife did this. You mention you currently live in his apartment where you split bills. Does he own this apartment? If so is he intending to put you on the deed for that as well and is it similar value? If he isnt planning on adding you to the deed why does he think you should add him? Is he seeking this because he will be paying 50 of your mortgage? Because it seems you dont own your home outright and if hes paying for it may gave a reasonable expectation of owning part (with a buyin figure?).INFO needed. NTA and you should definitely not put his name on your house. Also get a prenup to protect your assets. It's a red flag that he's asking you this early on to put his name on your rental house. NTA. Tell him if he wants his name on it he pays for it. NTA. Prenup time  really just about everyone should have one. Not because you think you will get divorced but because you might and its better to lay out how the relationship would unwind while you still like each other. INFO: Did you tell him this reasoning?  I do not want to risk my house being taken from me or having to pay him half of what it is worth on the chance we get divorced. Because saying that kinda sounds like you don't have faith in the marriage and could have hurt your partner or made him think you have doubts. Which could have also explain him being quiet and tense. You said your parents bought you a house and then say the renters are paying the mortgage. Which is it?If there is still a mortgage and fianc is helping pay then I understand why he wants his name on the title. I would not do that until youre married.If you own it outright and their is no mortgage then NTA and dont put him on the title. For context I grew up with these two twins Simon and Kurt (I used different names) and we've been friends for like 15 years. I'm now 21 they're 23 and we haven't spoken since December because of a fight. I had been going through a hard time mentally with university anxiety and other friendship drama and I used to tell Simon and Kurt about it. Simon got into a relationship a couple months prior and I hadn't gotten the best vibe about him but I kept it to myself. Kurt also didn't like his bro's bf (neither did Kurts S/O) so we would just silently talk about our worries to each other without telling him. Our main concern was that Simon was rushing into a lot of things with was very unlike him and he had been slowly getting less patient with things and more angry. In December we fought because Simon didn't think I was doing anything productive to get out of my rough mental situation and that he felt like I was unnecessarily upset with his bf. He said he didn't want to hear about the drama anymore and then cut contact with me completely. A couple months later Kurt did something similar: he told me to stop being friends with my other friends and that Simon was right for cutting me out because "he wasn't as stressed out without me in his life". He said he didn't want to hear about how upset I was anymore either. I thought this was unfair and called him out for it saying it had always been the nature of our friendship to talk about our issues and work them out together. Later they blocked me on everything.I'm very upset and hurt by this mainly because it was such a whirlwind idk how to take it. AITA? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. I feel like there's a lot of info missing here. When one door closes another opens. Sounds like the common denominator is you AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)For context I grew up with these two twins Simon and Kurt (I used different names) and we've been friends for like 15 years. I'm now 21 they're 23 and we haven't spoken since December because of a fight. I had been going through a hard time mentally with university anxiety and other friendship drama and I used to tell Simon and Kurt about it. Simon got into a relationship a couple months prior and I hadn't gotten the best vibe about him but I kept it to myself. Kurt also didn't like his bro's bf (neither did Kurts S/O) so we would just silently talk about our worries to each other without telling him. Our main concern was that Simon was rushing into a lot of things with was very unlike him and he had been slowly getting less patient with things and more angry. In December we fought because Simon didn't think I was doing anything productive to get out of my rough mental situation and that he felt like I was unnecessarily upset with his bf. He said he didn't want to hear about the drama anymore and then cut contact with me completely. A couple months later Kurt did something similar: he told me to stop being friends with my other friends and that Simon was right for cutting me out because "he wasn't as stressed out without me in his life". He said he didn't want to hear about how upset I was anymore either. I thought this was unfair and called him out for it saying it had always been the nature of our friendship to talk about our issues and work them out together. Later they blocked me on everything.I'm very upset and hurt by this mainly because it was such a whirlwind idk how to take it. AITA?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTAHere's the thing. I don't think you were wrong but I don't think Simon or Kurt was wrong either. Sometimes friends outgrow each other or maybe just a break from one another. And people tend to forget they are not responsible for carrying each other's misery.If this is how they truly felt I think you guys were just unsuitable for each other as friends. You might have thought everything was okay until that moment but we don't know what it was like for Simon or Kurt.It does hurt when friends just leave but in the end they don't owe you anything. It's not unfair for Kurt to leave you. He has that right.There is no easy way to break friendships/relationships. You need to find people that suit you better. I hope you come out of this stronger. Am I the asshole for playing video games?Yesterday I was playing some games until like 11pm when I finished my mum called me to go to her room. She started by asking me if I think I play too many games obviously if I answer no she would change the password so I said yes. Then she started attacking me she told me that I look so happy when playing games and I look so bored when talking with other people and said that thats a sign of video game addiction. I dont mind if she says that it does have a point but then she asks me if I think Im addicted. I have no choice but to humiliate myself because if I said no it would be like someone in a psych ward telling everyone that they are not crazy. Even if they arent it would be hard to prove. I couldnt answer that Im not addicted because she would respond with so you still dont know? I have to answer yes which makes me a self proclaimed addict. Then she pressed further asking me if I want to be taller and smarter. There are two choices obviously I cannot say no since that would mark me as stupid. I said yes then she asked me if I think that what Im doing is making me smarter if I said yes she would just say that because Im addicted my opinion doesnt count because its from a mind that is addicted. So I have to say no she then asked me again what I think should be done. Honestly at this point its like shes playing with me. Giving me choices but then eliminating them all until theres one choice left. Ive dealt with these people before but I cannot handle my mum she has authority over the house so we dont even start with equal positions. Even though I managed to beat her at her own game she could still say Im an addict and win. The worst thing is if I agree to what she says (play less games) I cannot take that back since it came from my mouth. Its like forcing a promise out of someone. If I manage to say that it was her who made me do it she would say it was all for me and that Im ungrateful. I believe that people should be able to choose what they do because even though what they choose to do might be bad its their choice and no one should be able to control that. Eventually we came to a conclusion here are the rules.1. 3 hours game time per day2. No gaming after dinner3. I Have to do housework4. I have to help my parents every time they call me for help with workLately my mum has been reading these health books that teach you bits and pieces of human anatomy and psychology. The information is very spontaneous and doesnt link to each other much. Well my mum read like 3 of these books and thinks shes some kind of biologist. Reading 3 books doesnt make you a biologist. I dont know how to deal with her please give me some advice. Reddit doesnt allow me to write more than 3000 characters so you might lack some information if you need clarification on anything I will answer to you in the comments. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. How old are you? Are you an adult living at home or like 12? If you're a kid living at home it sounds like your parents are setting up some expectations for your household contributions. They don't seem super out there to me. If you're an adult you could have a different conversation with your mom about boundaries/household contributions.In terms of your mom's research addiction etc. I have no idea what's going on with your mom. You can't be addicted to video games but you can develop unhealthy habits related to pretty much anything. Seems like your best bet is to follow your mom's guidelines until you're an adult and can decide for yourself. You can evaluate your own relationship to video games on your own time it's healthy to evaluate your habits from time to time whatever they are. NTA at least not for what youre asking. But it sounds like youre overthinking this. You might want to talk with your mom more.Also how old are you? NTA. Playing video games is no different than reading books watching tv or movies. It's a way to take our minds off the drudgery of daily life. YTA! Listen to your mother 3 hours of gaming a day is a lot and if you are already doing more than that that is unhealthy choosing to do something that is clearly unhealthy is a bad decision. My mum reads things like that too but at the end of the day shes just trying to do what's best for you even if you dont believe that. YTA. Your mother is right. You do have a video game addiction but since you're 14 (as said in the comments) it's fine for now. Just follow the 4 rules you two came a conclusion to and you'll be alright. I promise you. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Am I the asshole for playing video games?Yesterday I was playing some games until like 11pm when I finished my mum called me to go to her room. She started by asking me if I think I play too many games obviously if I answer no she would change the password so I said yes. Then she started attacking me she told me that I look so happy when playing games and I look so bored when talking with other people and said that thats a sign of video game addiction. I dont mind if she says that it does have a point but then she asks me if I think Im addicted. I have no choice but to humiliate myself because if I said no it would be like someone in a psych ward telling everyone that they are not crazy. Even if they arent it would be hard to prove. I couldnt answer that Im not addicted because she would respond with so you still dont know? I have to answer yes which makes me a self proclaimed addict. Then she pressed further asking me if I want to be taller and smarter. There are two choices obviously I cannot say no since that would mark me as stupid. I said yes then she asked me if I think that what Im doing is making me smarter if I said yes she would just say that because Im addicted my opinion doesnt count because its from a mind that is addicted. So I have to say no she then asked me again what I think should be done. Honestly at this point its like shes playing with me. Giving me choices but then eliminating them all until theres one choice left. Ive dealt with these people before but I cannot handle my mum she has authority over the house so we dont even start with equal positions. Even though I managed to beat her at her own game she could still say Im an addict and win. The worst thing is if I agree to what she says (play less games) I cannot take that back since it came from my mouth. Its like forcing a promise out of someone. If I manage to say that it was her who made me do it she would say it was all for me and that Im ungrateful. I believe that people should be able to choose what they do because even though what they choose to do might be bad its their choice and no one should be able to control that. Eventually we came to a conclusion here are the rules.1. 3 hours game time per day2. No gaming after dinner3. I Have to do housework4. I have to help my parents every time they call me for help with workLately my mum has been reading these health books that teach you bits and pieces of human anatomy and psychology. The information is very spontaneous and doesnt link to each other much. Well my mum read like 3 of these books and thinks shes some kind of biologist. Reading 3 books doesnt make you a biologist. I dont know how to deal with her please give me some advice. Reddit doesnt allow me to write more than 3000 characters so you might lack some information if you need clarification on anything I will answer to you in the comments.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. This happened just an hour ago. I live in Australia and it is winter if that matters.We went to the shopping centre and parked in the undercover car park. As we walked into the shop we passed by a car and noticed a girl about 810 yrs old in the car watching a video. She had obviously been there before we had arrived. We did our shopping and about an hour later went back to leave. The girl was still in the car unattended. I decided to call the nonemergency police line and wait for the police or the parents to rock up. About 30 mins later (so the child had been in the car for at least 1 and a half hours) the parents (middle aged man and woman) came back to their car. We noted that the parents had a trolley full of alcohol and not much else. On a side note this made us curious as to why it had taken them so long to get back to their car?! (I don't care nor judged except for the context of the child being left alone).I let them know that I had contacted the police over them leaving their child alone for so long and that they really should be careful because anything could happen. The woman appeared scared but the man started having a go at me. Saying to mind my business and that their child had wanted to be left in the car. I responded that it was my business if a child is left alone for a long time and as a community we need to care about others and to look forward to a visit from the police. We started to drive away and the man started to take photo/video of us and our car. I smiled and wave because I could care less that he did that. BUT...I'm wondering if I did an AH thing and if I really wasn't my business that a child had been left in the car for so long. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. We're in Australia...we have laws against leaving children in cars for any amount of time unsupervised.NTA NTA personally when I in doubt get someone else involved that is more capable to assess the situation. And that is exactly what you did. You could have done this but I would have also gotten their license plate number and call back the nonemergency line and let them know what happened afterwards. NTa. An hour and a half is a long time for a child to be left unattended in a vehicle. You did the right thing to notify the police. Fellow Aussie here.You did your part of helping out as a community. CPS needs to be called too if the cops do come to you since the father took a photo of your car. Why? Because the father and mother seem like alcoholics. And the father a raging one. Good job OP. NTA at all. Info: was the car off or was the heat still running to keep the child warm? Regardless I think its wrong to leave a young child unattended for any length of time. NTA. An hour is long enough with an unsupervised child in a car park at that age to warrant at least a welfare check by police. I wouldn't say it's inherently unsafe but it's questionable enough that I think you're right it is your business. If they looked more like 14 or 15 I'd probably assume they could take care of themselves...maybe not quite as well as an adult but close enough.I'm assuming temperature in the car wasn't any kind of an issue. NTA Thats child endangerment their child couldve been kidnapped and all for what? some alcohol? Doesnt matter if the child wanted to stay in the car shes too young to be left unattended by herself. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)This happened just an hour ago. I live in Australia and it is winter if that matters.We went to the shopping centre and parked in the undercover car park. As we walked into the shop we passed by a car and noticed a girl about 810 yrs old in the car watching a video. She had obviously been there before we had arrived. We did our shopping and about an hour later went back to leave. The girl was still in the car unattended. I decided to call the nonemergency police line and wait for the police or the parents to rock up. About 30 mins later (so the child had been in the car for at least 1 and a half hours) the parents (middle aged man and woman) came back to their car. We noted that the parents had a trolley full of alcohol and not much else. On a side note this made us curious as to why it had taken them so long to get back to their car?! (I don't care nor judged except for the context of the child being left alone).I let them know that I had contacted the police over them leaving their child alone for so long and that they really should be careful because anything could happen. The woman appeared scared but the man started having a go at me. Saying to mind my business and that their child had wanted to be left in the car. I responded that it was my business if a child is left alone for a long time and as a community we need to care about others and to look forward to a visit from the police. We started to drive away and the man started to take photo/video of us and our car. I smiled and wave because I could care less that he did that. BUT...I'm wondering if I did an AH thing and if I really wasn't my business that a child had been left in the car for so long.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. In Australia its illegal to leave a child in the car unaccompanied. Be glad its not summer. NTA. You don't leave a kid that age in a car alone. Not for twenty minutes not for thirty and certainly not for 90. That's absolutely child endangerment and you most certainly did the right thing. NTA you did the right thing. No child should be left in a car at that age. No you did the right thing. You don't leave any child in the car alone. Especially these days. You did good. NTA its illegal and dangerous NTA  Basing this on only reading the title. Kid deserved some jail time for his actions imo. NTA you dont leave someone alone in the car for that long let alone a child. What the hell. Thank you for doing the right thing and I hope they learned their lesson. NTA. Not in the least littlest tiniest bit. You absolutely did the right thing. NTA no child should be left in a car alone for almost 2 hours. So my cousin Charlotte invited me to her baby shower a few weeks ago and because I didnt really know my work schedule I said I would try to make it. Before hand when she first got pregnant I had sent her a cute little baby basket with diapers bottles nipple cream etc. So she said a gift wasnt necessary for the party.But yesterday my best friends long term boyfriend sent me a text saying hes throwing a dinner party and Im invited that same day. I told him sadly I was invited to a baby shower so I could not attend but he explained that dinner party was when he was going to propose to my best friend and he would love it if I could make it. On the one hand I really dont want to miss Charlottes baby shower but also I would love to see my best friend getting proposed to (weve been planning weddings and imagining this day ever since we were kids) Im debating if I should cancel Charlotte and go see my friends proposal instead. Its not everyday an engagement happens and if I get to witness it its even more exciting for me. But would I be the asshole to do this? And if I did do it should I tell Charlotte the truth? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Can you make an appearance at the baby shower before the dinner? NAH both are very important events and both you've been invited to I would communicate fully with your cousin and explain to her the importance of the dinner (without disclosing too much just in case it were to accidentally get out) and try to attend both even if you have to leave the shower early NAH. Is there anyway you can hit both events? Hit the baby shower and dip out early? NTA. Sounds like you already sent Charlotte some lovely gifts and youre right an engagement is huge! No offense to Charlotte obviously having a baby is also a big deal.If you feel insanely guilty (and can afford to do so) tell her something came up and you cant attend (you dont have to tell her what but if you are friends on social media she might see anyway) but you would love to know if she has a registry you can be directed to for baby needs. NAH. If you can possibly make both that would be ideal. In my experience baby showers are normally morningafternoon events so maybe stop by for a while telling your cousin you'll have to leave early then leave in time for dinner party. NAHGo to the shower and say hi then dip out after telling them you were double booked with another engagement.  If they can't understand that you are cousins then there are other issues. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)So my cousin Charlotte invited me to her baby shower a few weeks ago and because I didnt really know my work schedule I said I would try to make it. Before hand when she first got pregnant I had sent her a cute little baby basket with diapers bottles nipple cream etc. So she said a gift wasnt necessary for the party.But yesterday my best friends long term boyfriend sent me a text saying hes throwing a dinner party and Im invited that same day. I told him sadly I was invited to a baby shower so I could not attend but he explained that dinner party was when he was going to propose to my best friend and he would love it if I could make it. On the one hand I really dont want to miss Charlottes baby shower but also I would love to see my best friend getting proposed to (weve been planning weddings and imagining this day ever since we were kids) Im debating if I should cancel Charlotte and go see my friends proposal instead. Its not everyday an engagement happens and if I get to witness it its even more exciting for me. But would I be the asshole to do this? And if I did do it should I tell Charlotte the truth?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NAH to choose your best friend's proposal over your cousin's baby shower especially since it doesn't sound like you've given her a definite answer and you've already given her a gift. But I wouldn't tell her what you're doing instead. I work at a small Cafe. Our biggest draw is that we make everything in house. All of our syrups mocha mixtures pastries alternative milks Etc.  anything we can't make (vegetables cheese meat) we slice fresh each morning.We recently hired a new girl and I was in charge of training her. I showed her the recipe book was and where to find all of the ingredients. Things were going really well until we got to the slicer.As I was showing her how to operate the machine I said "You are always going to have one hand here and the other here. Don't move your hands from this position until the blade stops spinning. Ever. This machines sole purpose in life is to slice through me and you are made of meat."She nodded her head like she understood and I gave her a small demonstration. That was the end of it.Later in the day my manager pulled me aside to ask what exactly happened. She said that I had called her a piece of meat and that she felt dehumanized and objectified... That certainly wasn't my goal. I told my manager what happened and he agreed that it was odd that she felt so offended by it. But... She hasn't talked to me since.I don't know. I don't feel that I did anything wrong but she clearly does and is very bothered by it... Was that an AH thing to say? What should I have said/done differently? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA she took that waaaay out of context. NTA. This notuncommon speech is specifically designed to bring home the fact that the meat slicer doesn't give a shit about your feelings. If she can't handle that she should step away from the slicer. And maybe just stay home. NTa. I cant even spin this in a way that makes sense to be offended by. You clearly did nothing wrong here. NTA. Wtf is wrong with people that they take offense to being reminded of common sense shit. Big spinny blade of doom will cut thru any meat with ease. Including humans. Uh. No. NTA. Humans are in general made of meat. You weren't leering or looking her up and down and calling her a piece of meat you were saying her body is made of meat(like yours and mine and every other person's) so if she gets her hand in the way of a slicer that's intended to efficiently cut up meat she's she's gonna get cut up. "Reduced to"  "you only have value as". This wasn't a value judgment. But here's one: she should get her head out of her ass. NTA NTA. As a person with a lovely triangular scar down the side of one hand from a meat slicer I can 100 confirm human and roast beef slice up pretty much exactly the same. You didn't "reduce her to a piece of meat" you used clear language in essential safety training. NTA. You were talking biologically/mechanically. She got in her head misinterpreting it NTA. Jesus fucking Christ I used to work at a deli and that's the perfect way to put it as far how the slicer works you made a comment for her safety. She's either a sensitive mental case or misunderstood you. NTA she literally Took It out of context to frame you NTA It seems she hasnt seen too much of the real world. Not everything is offensive and Im quite sure mr meat slicer wont be worried about her feelings about what type of meat she is. Nta. When instructing someone how to not fuck up on the machine of spinning blades my goal would be to make them feel uncomfortable in a way that they would not forget the instruction you gave them. Also stop hiring snowflakes NTA. Everybody's made of meat. A meat slicer gives no fucks what kind of meat it slices. It's pretty common sense. Seems she doesn't have any. NTAShe is probably young and has has yet to learn the fine art of taking things into context.  She needs to get over it.  What else would she be other than meat?  Are we a plant? Mineral? If not meat then what? NTA she is being unreasonable sensitive. I wonder how she survived till now in this world. Looks like she lived in a cave till now. You said nothing wrong.And for the machine you are infact only a piece of meat(I thought you beat someone to a pulp after reading the title lol) NTA life must be tough for her if thats all it takes to offend her NTA. Sounds like they were looking for something to be upset about because you were making a good point about a serious safety issue and doing so in a direct manner. You were being literal and they are taking it in a figurative manner for some reason. NTA.  You didn't call her a 'piece of meat'.  You told her she was made of meat.  Which we all are.  I am more than ready to call out objectifying misogynists but you were not being one. NTA anyone who works with a slicer gets this exact speech (I've both given and recieved). I dont really see how this is something to be upset about. Damn I was so ready to call you an asshole based on the title but no. You were trying to give her a very serious safety lesson and she had a weird reaction. Maybe she had been warned about sexual harassment and misunderstood some of the language? I don't know. NTA and please don't ever soften your words when talking about the slicer. NTA. As other commenters have stated already she clearly took this completely the wrong way. If she ever wants to chat about the time I cleaned up my coworkers spiralsliced finger after he got it stuck in a meat grinder just point her in my direction!Edit: finger not ginger. It seems my autocorrect was too horrified to believe that I had typed spiralsliced finger. Tell the sensitive pick to get a life NTA. Lets hope your boss gets rid of her. Sounds like a potential nightmare employee. Hurt feelings are better than hurt hands. She should take safety seriously and not be such a child. Nta NTA  you've got to communicate how seriously she has to take that machine.This is like being told not to fuck up with X machine at ANY COST. It doesn't mean the manager has no faith in the newbie it means that this particular object deserves special mention. Info: at any point before or after this did you have any other conversations with or about her?  Even perhaps discussing her training to another employee? Misconstruing your slicer advise seems like a stretch. NTA. She took that way out of context. And as someone who worked/managed a deli full of slicers.. those blades will cut you like a hunk of meat if you put your fingers in the wrong place. I mean technically humans are called "long pig" so.. we are giant walking hunks of meat. This girls just lookin for something to complain about. Are you fucking kidding me what a little drama queen.NTA. NTA   you said something and she took what you were saying the wrong way. NTA. If I had to guess I would guess this is a younger person who has lived a fairly sheltered life. I can somewhat see how that might be a little surprising of phrasing to someone not used to hearing things like that but she needs to toughen up if she expects to maintain a job especially one where she's presumably interacting with the public. I hope the fact that the phrasing bothered her just serves to further drill in the safety message. Definitely NTAI know she isn't on talking terms but I would try and say something about her taking the expression out of context just to ease any tension there is. NTA. Someone took Oversensitivity Training instead of just the regular Sensitivity Training. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)I work at a small Cafe. Our biggest draw is that we make everything in house. All of our syrups mocha mixtures pastries alternative milks Etc.  anything we can't make (vegetables cheese meat) we slice fresh each morning.We recently hired a new girl and I was in charge of training her. I showed her the recipe book was and where to find all of the ingredients. Things were going really well until we got to the slicer.As I was showing her how to operate the machine I said "You are always going to have one hand here and the other here. Don't move your hands from this position until the blade stops spinning. Ever. This machines sole purpose in life is to slice through me and you are made of meat."She nodded her head like she understood and I gave her a small demonstration. That was the end of it.Later in the day my manager pulled me aside to ask what exactly happened. She said that I had called her a piece of meat and that she felt dehumanized and objectified... That certainly wasn't my goal. I told my manager what happened and he agreed that it was odd that she felt so offended by it. But... She hasn't talked to me since.I don't know. I don't feel that I did anything wrong but she clearly does and is very bothered by it... Was that an AH thing to say? What should I have said/done differently?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. That went over her head that's for sure NTA  let me guess she's a vegan? wtf? I...... I don't even know how to respond to this..... NTA. SO NTA.She needs help. NAH. You did nothing wrong in what you said it was not directly an AH type of comment. However if she finds that upsetting then it's actually great that she was able to express this. Different people have different perspectives in life and we can't always know what goes on in another person's mind until we communicate with them and find ways to talk to each other! NAH. Some people are just sensitive to language even when it's used in seemingly innocuous ways. If I may point out what I think the problem might've been though:"You are made of meat". Emphasis on the you. She may have misunderstood and thought you meant her as an individual like you were just targeting her rather than the general 'you'. This only really caught my eye because I think saying "we are made of meat" would've allowed for less miscommunication as it's more general. Not the end of the world though. People misinterpret other people's tones all the time. This sounds pretty fake So the title sounds like a power trip but hear me out. Ive (46F) been married for 19 years to my husband (48M) who I love dearly. However he has a poor track record with building and home improvement projects. He is great for minor repairs can fix anything mechanical  washing machine refrigerator etc  but he just doesnt have the skills for major construction. By trade hes a mechanic and a damn good one but he is not a general contractor or experienced carpenter. Several times over the years projects hes started have had to be completed/fixed by professionals. Unfortunately he comes from a conservative not to say macho culture and he is culturally nondisposed to let anyone else work on his house if its something he could even theoretically do himself. We have had a lot of arguments about this over the course of our marriage and Ive often just thrown up my hands and decided its easier to live with a leaky roof or a plumbing issue than with his wounded pride. Mostly he just declares a problem to be fixed even if it patently isnt. Current situation: I own a home free and clear in a desirable location in a desirable city. I bought it before I met my husband and it is in my name only. We dont live there  its been rented out for the last ten years. The house itself is a very modest older home not in any way fancy or high end. The neighborhood is changing rapidly and single family homes are being replaced by townhouses. We want to do the sameThing  tear down this home and replace it with a fourplex. If we can secure a loan and get it done we could theoretically triple both the value of the property and the rental income and pay back the loan in a very reasonable time frame. It would be a great investment both for our retirement and as an eventual inheritance for our kids. Heres my question  I want to handle the project all by myself. I want to get a loan hire a reputable builder approve blueprints and have zero involvement in the actual building. Prior experience tells me this will not go over well with my husband. He will want to do a lot of work himself (to save money) and probably will want to hire his brother who is a contractor in a city 3000 miles away from us. I dont want the stress of dealing with my husbands ego here. I just want to let the professionals (which he is NOT) handle it. WIBTA if I said honey we either do this my way or not at all? Oh BTW once the project is done and we have an actual apartment building owned free and clear Id be more than happy to add his name to the deed and own it jointly. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YWNBTA. First it's in your name only. Second as you stated he isnt a contractor or construction worker. Third he should understand that something this size is way outta his pay grade. Does he do this to you on a lot of decisions? If its something not your strong suit does he shut you out of it? I am asking genuinely no judgement. I think it depends on the trends that have been established in your very long relationship. Are you factually in the clear? Yes I think so its in your name etc however is this a pattern going forward? If you guys make all decisions as a cohesive unit this will be a tough pill to swallow for him. Conversely if he has his own things that he pushes you out of then it prob wont be a big real NTA  You seem perfectly reasonable. Ok so reading your comments I see one major thing. You are using joint finances to fund your renovations. That makes your husband an investor in this case. If you want to not be the asshole and still go this route take out the loan and pay for it yourself without joint payment. If you can't do that YWBTA. YWNBTA but that is just my opinion. In my country its common that banks do not accept your own work if you are not a professional when you are applying for a loan so that would shut down all arguments here. I can see that the ego would be bruised but maybe the higher value after a professional worked on it can soothe him? Good luck! Info: will of be joint funds used to finance this project? Given that you want to use joint funds for it then YTA. See Im 100 on board with the fact its your property and the issues you raise about your husbands qualifications... but YTA. You cannot spend joint funds and demand he gets zero say. I would advise doing nothing until you both can agree to ground rules. Maybe layout everything youve said in this post and make him doing zero self work and a unanimous approval of the contractor be the conditions of his involvement in the construction of your property. Otherwise you may have to acquire outside funding. NAH. You two should talk about and agree upon the roles and your (and his) handson uninvolvement before you go to the bank for a loan. Otherwise I think you're right and you shouldn't start this unless you can both agree on the logistics. If you're just ultimately saying "this is the only way I'm comfortable moving forward with this." Then NAH.If you're saying "I'm doing it this way and there's nothing you can do to stop me." Then YWBTA. NTABut as a daughter of a man who does major construction projects for a living it may help your case to point out that LOTS of permits are needed for the city. This isn't really something a hobbiest can do on their own especially when it comes to electricity and plumbing. If that doesn't help remind him tenants can sue if things go badly enough so while its fine to do home stuff on your own commercial projects have a lot more riding on them. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)So the title sounds like a power trip but hear me out. Ive (46F) been married for 19 years to my husband (48M) who I love dearly. However he has a poor track record with building and home improvement projects. He is great for minor repairs can fix anything mechanical  washing machine refrigerator etc  but he just doesnt have the skills for major construction. By trade hes a mechanic and a damn good one but he is not a general contractor or experienced carpenter. Several times over the years projects hes started have had to be completed/fixed by professionals. Unfortunately he comes from a conservative not to say macho culture and he is culturally nondisposed to let anyone else work on his house if its something he could even theoretically do himself. We have had a lot of arguments about this over the course of our marriage and Ive often just thrown up my hands and decided its easier to live with a leaky roof or a plumbing issue than with his wounded pride. Mostly he just declares a problem to be fixed even if it patently isnt. Current situation: I own a home free and clear in a desirable location in a desirable city. I bought it before I met my husband and it is in my name only. We dont live there  its been rented out for the last ten years. The house itself is a very modest older home not in any way fancy or high end. The neighborhood is changing rapidly and single family homes are being replaced by townhouses. We want to do the sameThing  tear down this home and replace it with a fourplex. If we can secure a loan and get it done we could theoretically triple both the value of the property and the rental income and pay back the loan in a very reasonable time frame. It would be a great investment both for our retirement and as an eventual inheritance for our kids. Heres my question  I want to handle the project all by myself. I want to get a loan hire a reputable builder approve blueprints and have zero involvement in the actual building. Prior experience tells me this will not go over well with my husband. He will want to do a lot of work himself (to save money) and probably will want to hire his brother who is a contractor in a city 3000 miles away from us. I dont want the stress of dealing with my husbands ego here. I just want to let the professionals (which he is NOT) handle it. WIBTA if I said honey we either do this my way or not at all? Oh BTW once the project is done and we have an actual apartment building owned free and clear Id be more than happy to add his name to the deed and own it jointly.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA.  Since it seems to be the case that at the end of the day if he can't or won't accept the decision it doesn't happen it seems fair.  There is something you want to do with your joint funds and if he isn't ok with that then the joint funds don't get used and it doesn't move forward.  Getting a loan for something like this is a big deal and if both parties aren't happy with how it will be used seems fair to not go ahead on it. NTA he could sink the investment. So Ive been pregnant my last two birthdays and the one previous to the pregnancy I spent out of town for a funeral on my husbands side. So its been a while since I could really really enjoy it ya know? Well this year I turn 32 and well covid happened so I still cant necessarily enjoy it but little things are good enough. Anywho my friends decided to all come to town (no one lives within at least 90min) to spend the day at brunch with me. My husband knew of these plans weeks in advance and even helped me pick out outfits! I made sure my babies had breastmilk stocked and meals before I left. I tried to over prepare to the point where he stopped me and told me he was their dad not a babysitter and it would be fine! Ok. I asked if he wanted to drop me off or if I should take the car. He said take the car because he had no plans of leaving. Brunch happens and my friends and I get tipsy and decide to hang and chat/catchup a little longer (I havent seen them in over a year) and he calls me upset that I wasnt headed home yet. I update him and he hangs up on me. Um ok. My friends convince me to hang longer and I do because Ive been out the house zero times alone since my 6mo son was born vs my husband who regularly does and figured I deserve it. He calls and texts again and I missed the call but called right back and he basically told me I was abandoning him and my children by missing his calls?! He constantly wants me to have friends and hang out with friends but when I do he guilt trips me the whole time every time. I could e bet money that he was going to guilt me today. I even went out of my way to THANK him for allowing me to LEAVE THE HOUSE just to keep the peace before he kept calling. Am I wrong for staying longer than expected? (by the way I never said a specific time Id be home and he knows everyone I was with and where I was). Im fine if I am at fault somehow. Just explain it to me. I just feel so shitty after a day with my friends I never see from being a stay at home mom 24/7 and covid. Sucks they came to celebrate me on my birthday and I couldnt even truly enjoy it. Am I the asshole for staying gone from noon until 7pm with friends??? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. You were entitled to a day out with friends. Unless there was an absolute emergency at home it was shitty of your husband to continue calling you while you were out. NTA. You went out on your birthday to celebrate with friends you haven't seen in a while. That's perfectly fine and you shouldn't have to feel guilty for that. NTA So you finally get a day to enjoy yourself and be with the friends who made the trip to see you and hes pissed.  You also went out of your way to prepare and make it easy on him jeez he sounds a bit controlling.  Dont let him slowly cut you off from your friends NTA you never see your friends you over prepared for your husband and you only stayed out from noon to 7 your husband can f off Holy crap NTA. Your husband is acting like one of the kids instead of behaving like an actual fucking parent. NTA. Whether it was your birthday or not you should be able to go out and enjoy yourself without any interruptions (unless it's an emergency). It doesn't sound like you do this all of the time  you needed the break.Your husband is just as much responsible for your kids as you are even when you are a SAHM. Sounds like he was annoyed he had to take care of his own kids...  absolutely NTA NTA tbh this is kinda  material you shouldnt have to thank him for ALLOWING you to leave the house. And when you are with friends he should be able to leave you alone for awhile. NTA It is your special day you prepared everything didnt have a specific curfew... you do everything all the time he can deal with HIS kids one day per year. He sounds a little bit controlling is he like that even when you just go shopping or something? NTA I think your husband dropped this  So I understand watching children and wondering when someone else is coming back. There are a couple of reasons for this for example if you have an agreed upon time you know to call and check if something's happened if they are late (but I'm aware you did not have a specified time) or a time that you know the house has to be tidy and in order by (cos it's nice to come back to a clean home). If you don't have an agreed upon time sometimes you may want to double check mainly  for reasons of knowing what meals to cook without them and when to wait (and if it's an overnight job even if you should put the kids to bed.) or sometimes you feel overwhelmed and want them back early. However regardless of the reason it's all about communication. There's polite ways to do this. Even simple ways. Simply "hey just checking in that everything's okay. Do you know what time you'll be home by there's no rush I just want to know if I should give the kids whatever meal." Or whatever the reason is. he calls me upset that I wasnt headed home yet. I update him and he hangs up on me.Zero communication here. What does this accomplish besides creating anxiety for you? He calls and texts again and I missed the call but called right back and he basically told me I was abandoning him and my children by missing his calls?!Now what in the ever fresh fuck is this? I can't even put into words how wrong this is. I really can't. He's not communicating with you. Now I don't know your husband so I can't comment on the intention but in my experience this is a technique to make you feel bad about leaving and ruin your (otherwise) lovely day. I even went out of my way to THANK him for allowing me to LEAVE THE HOUSE just to keep the peace before he kept calling. You really shouldn't have to do that. Yes it's nice to thank someone for watching the children normally babysitters. Which (is this irony here I can never tell) he has point blank told you he's not. The thing is about thanking someone for doing something do they thank you when you do it? When he goes out (as you have stated in your post) does he come back and say thank you for watching the kids so he can go out? Is it just expected of you? You also mention in your post that you're a stayathomemom you're also human too. Even if you consider the children your "responsibility" and that working may be his there will still be times when you want to relax and unwind and hang out with friends. Am I wrong for staying longer than expected?To finally give you a conclusion; no. You are not. I strongly advice talking to your partner about what went wrong for him today. Consider many levels like how would he feel if you did what he did today when he goes out with his friends? And if he says that he works that it's different firmly tell him that when he is out with his friends that he is not working he is enjoying time out with his friends. Talk about communication that you are not a mind reader if he needs you or wants you he needs to talk to you because nothing will be fixed if you don't talk. If he continues to act this way that you may have to consider a babysitter or some other option because what happened was not okay. Also talk about time suggest instead of having a vague time have an arranged time or what I like to call "top ups" which are arranged times where you message them with updates sort of. For example at the arranged time you say "Just checking in I've decided I want to stay longer will check in with you in this amount of time." Of course you don't have to do any of this this all depends on your relationship and what you feel comfortable with. You could even simply tell him that if you're going out for an unspecified amount of time that you will decide when you come home because you're an adult. There can be a lot of pressure and expectations that come from being a stayathomemom. You do not have to give up your life to be a mother you are not a bad mother for wanting to be just a human being for a while. Also (and I apologise for the length of this) consider his behaviour. Is this a oneoff event or an event in a line of events. My exstepfather was very similar towards my mother. She never went out with friends he always had to know where she was. I remember when she would take me somewhere dreading his phone calls because I knew that it meant our day would have to end even if there were things I still wanted to do. But like I said this is all dependent on his relationship and on his behaviour.NTA AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)So Ive been pregnant my last two birthdays and the one previous to the pregnancy I spent out of town for a funeral on my husbands side. So its been a while since I could really really enjoy it ya know? Well this year I turn 32 and well covid happened so I still cant necessarily enjoy it but little things are good enough. Anywho my friends decided to all come to town (no one lives within at least 90min) to spend the day at brunch with me. My husband knew of these plans weeks in advance and even helped me pick out outfits! I made sure my babies had breastmilk stocked and meals before I left. I tried to over prepare to the point where he stopped me and told me he was their dad not a babysitter and it would be fine! Ok. I asked if he wanted to drop me off or if I should take the car. He said take the car because he had no plans of leaving. Brunch happens and my friends and I get tipsy and decide to hang and chat/catchup a little longer (I havent seen them in over a year) and he calls me upset that I wasnt headed home yet. I update him and he hangs up on me. Um ok. My friends convince me to hang longer and I do because Ive been out the house zero times alone since my 6mo son was born vs my husband who regularly does and figured I deserve it. He calls and texts again and I missed the call but called right back and he basically told me I was abandoning him and my children by missing his calls?! He constantly wants me to have friends and hang out with friends but when I do he guilt trips me the whole time every time. I could e bet money that he was going to guilt me today. I even went out of my way to THANK him for allowing me to LEAVE THE HOUSE just to keep the peace before he kept calling. Am I wrong for staying longer than expected? (by the way I never said a specific time Id be home and he knows everyone I was with and where I was). Im fine if I am at fault somehow. Just explain it to me. I just feel so shitty after a day with my friends I never see from being a stay at home mom 24/7 and covid. Sucks they came to celebrate me on my birthday and I couldnt even truly enjoy it. Am I the asshole???I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Honestly if he's complaining about looking after his kids longer  than expected then he's not a dad hes a babysitter. ESH but him way more than you.   If I tell my wife I will be hanging with friends she has no problem.  But if I say I will be back at 2 and then dont show up or call to say hey I will be another hour she might panic that something happened.  You are going to be late just text.  If he has a problem then remind him he is a father not a babysitter you need to get back to. It's a bit of a long story so I'll try to keep things short.I'm more or less the result of an out of marriage relationship. I won't go into specifics but as far as I'm aware my parents did love each other and my mother had always wanted a child.My half siblings weren't actually aware of my existence until my dad got deathly ill and when he passed when I was 8 they pretty much made sure the rest of the family wouldn't find out either by putting us at the back during his funeral. At the end of it all I got from them was a letter saying that if I wanted them around I'd have to put in the effort.Admittedly I understand it's shameful and painful to them and I'm honestly not behind the actions of my parents. That however doesn't excuse their actions in my eyes. Especially the part that comes next.Roughly a decade after my dad's passing my older half sister contacted me through email. I'm not sure how she got hold of my information but she ended up wanting to meet me. Eventually it came forward this was because my middle half sister got diagnosed with cancer and wished to see me just in case.The meeting itself was pleasant and having hoped to build up some sort of contact with them I was looking forward to meeting up a second time. That second time however never came after my last email went unanswered.Through her Facebook page I eventually found out my middle half sister had passed and while not fully unexpected it still hit me hard. I ended up falling into my first depression shortly after and I'm currently still trying to get back on my feet after another loss.I honestly just want to put this all behind me. The desire to meet my remaining three half siblings still exists just because I've never really known my family on my father's side and I want to know who these people are to see if I recognize anything of myself in them. At the same time I know exactly where I stand and at this point I have no illusion of the possibility of any relationship with them. I just want to close off this awful chapter in my life and if I can get this meeting set up (after corona) by the end of it I'm planning to in no uncertain terms tell them that unless they actually want me in their lives I'm planning to make this the last time we meet in person.WIBTA for doing this?tl;dr I want to take a step towards healing from my past by telling my half siblings I don't want them in my life. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YWBTA.  So you plan to push for a meeting only to tell them you dont want to see them anymore.   Everyone was put in a shitty position because of your dad and people deal with things differently.  You dont want a relationship...dont reach out.   You dont need to make a dramatic exit. You don't have to have a relationship with them if you don't want to. I wonder why do you even need to meet with them in person? You can say in an email or over the phone that you aren't able to see them anymore and save yourself all that in person hassle and pain. I feel like YWB slightly TA if you met up with them in person just to tell them you never want to see them again. If you don't want them around just send an email or letter. It doesn't seem like you're a big part of their lives(they sound like they've acted like assholes) and meeting them to break ties seems kind of...  baitandswitch? NAH. You choose who you want in your life.However the actions of your father have nothing to do with the actions of his children. I wouldn't say anything to them about "last time we meet in person". That's just being dramatic. Just let it go. If they make an effort great if not that's that. Don't sit by the phone or change your life in any way just go about your day. It was probably a big shock to them to learn your father wasn't faithful to their mother. That part of their life the part that was all white picket fences and perfect life was far from it. They're still coming to terms with that which sucks but it's still a thing.I'm saying this as I was technically the child of "the other woman" in my father's life as well (that's a whole other story to tell though). He ended up dying before I was born but his actions nor his ex's actions (because she's an all around terrible person) have anything to do with my relationships with my two older siblings. One (the older of the two) I talk to and am rather close to the either rather believe his mother's lies (she tried telling him he wasn't my father's son even though he and I are virtual twins). That's on him though. If he decides to talk to me great if not...that's fine too. It's on him not me. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)It's a bit of a long story so I'll try to keep things short.I'm more or less the result of an out of marriage relationship. I won't go into specifics but as far as I'm aware my parents did love each other and my mother had always wanted a child.My half siblings weren't actually aware of my existence until my dad got deathly ill and when he passed when I was 8 they pretty much made sure the rest of the family wouldn't find out either by putting us at the back during his funeral. At the end of it all I got from them was a letter saying that if I wanted them around I'd have to put in the effort.Admittedly I understand it's shameful and painful to them and I'm honestly not behind the actions of my parents. That however doesn't excuse their actions in my eyes. Especially the part that comes next.Roughly a decade after my dad's passing my older half sister contacted me through email. I'm not sure how she got hold of my information but she ended up wanting to meet me. Eventually it came forward this was because my middle half sister got diagnosed with cancer and wished to see me just in case.The meeting itself was pleasant and having hoped to build up some sort of contact with them I was looking forward to meeting up a second time. That second time however never came after my last email went unanswered.Through her Facebook page I eventually found out my middle half sister had passed and while not fully unexpected it still hit me hard. I ended up falling into my first depression shortly after and I'm currently still trying to get back on my feet after another loss.I honestly just want to put this all behind me. The desire to meet my remaining three half siblings still exists just because I've never really known my family on my father's side and I want to know who these people are to see if I recognize anything of myself in them. At the same time I know exactly where I stand and at this point I have no illusion of the possibility of any relationship with them. I just want to close off this awful chapter in my life and if I can get this meeting set up (after corona) by the end of it I'm planning to in no uncertain terms tell them that unless they actually want me in their lives I'm planning to make this the last time we meet in person.WIBTA for doing this?tl;dr I want to take a step towards healing from my past by telling my half siblings I don't want them in my life.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA you know your intent and you plan on making it clear to them just like they made their intent towards you clear at your father's funeral. They also have to put in an effort. NTA. They should have emailed you back even if they didn't want a relationship with you since you are all adults now. So my husband (38m) and I (35f) had plans to go camping with our two young kids and another couple and their 2 kids. We had just gotten back from the park with the kiddos been at the campground a couple hours and my mom her bf and their dog came strolling into our friends campsite(beside ours) with chairs and a bag of chips and a water gun. I was pretty annoyed because I had mentioned to my mom that morning we were going camping and they just randomly showed up. We had invited them on previous trips when it was just our family but they had always said no.  We had a dinner preplanned with our friends and I wasnt expecting them. When I went for a walk with my mom I asked what she was doing here and she said dont worry we arent staying we just came out for a driveI wanted to see the kids. We wanted to surprise you. I said well I talked to you this morning and you didnt say anything. She said oh I thought youd be excited we were here. I offered them lunch we were cooking hotdogs and watermelon for the kids and they said no. They sat at our site for about 10 minutes and my mom got up and said we are heading home. Dont worry next time we will book an appointment to see you....  and walked away. AITA???I called my mom afterwards and said what was up with today?  Are you mad or something?  She said well we wanted to surprise you and thought we could take the kids off your hands for a couple hours. They were playing nicely with their friends and my mom has never been overly helpful with my kids she smokes in her house so we dont go there.Edit:  if they had even texted and given a heads up I wouldnt have minded as much but they should have come when it was just a family trip not just shown up randomly when we are with our friends. IMO Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NAH. I think your mom had good intentions but you may need to explicitly tell her that while you appreciated the thought you were there with friends (both yours and your kids') so it would have been rude to take the kids away. (Because I'm sure she wouldn't have taken the other two kids.) NTa. Its never appropriate to crash someone elses trip. Your mother shouldve asked if it was okay to stop by and see all of you rather than just showing up. NAH.   Your mom thought she could see her grandkids for a few hours and you were worried that without letting you know they may expect to eat food and you not have enough. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)So my husband (38m) and I (35f) had plans to go camping with our two young kids and another couple and their 2 kids. We had just gotten back from the park with the kiddos been at the campground a couple hours and my mom her bf and their dog came strolling into our friends campsite(beside ours) with chairs and a bag of chips and a water gun. I was pretty annoyed because I had mentioned to my mom that morning we were going camping and they just randomly showed up. We had invited them on previous trips when it was just our family but we had a dinner preplanned with our friends and I wasnt expecting this. When I went for a walk with my mom I asked what she was doing here and she said dont worry we arent staying we just came out for a driveI wanted to see the kids. We wanted to surprise you. I said well I talked to you this morning and you didnt say anything. She said oh I thought youd be excited we were here. I offered them lunch we were cooking hotdogs and watermelon for the kids and they said no. They sat at our site for about 10 minutes and my mom got up and said we are heading home. Dont worry next time we will book an appointment to see you....  and walked away. AITA???I called my mom afterwards and said what was up with today?  Are you mad or something?  She said well we wanted to surprise you and thought we could take the kids off your hands for a couple hours. They were playing nicely with their friends and my mom has never been overly helpful with my kids she smokes in her house so we dont go there.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Her doing that doesnt seem unreasonable for a parent to me. Then you asked her and she said she was only coming out for a little bit then leaving. Thats where I would have stopped. You chose to go one more time and she took it the way i would have. Seems assholish to me. She wasnt staying why push it? Same thing happened either way she stayed for a bit then left except she left upset this way. Yes she needs better boundaries but your point was made before you said the last part imo. I (17F) recently went on a hike with my coworker/friend (18M) who Ive had a crush on for over 2 years (well call him A). The day started out great when on our hike we came to two different trails. I suggested going on the blue trail which ive hiked numerous times but A wanted to go on the red trail which neither of us have been on. I was hesitant but agreed mostly because I like him so much that id agree to pretty much anything he suggests. So anyways we take the red trail and end up getting lost. We walk about 10 miles before we realize we are in a bad situation (no water left 95 degree heat 12 miles back to his car). As if things cant get any worse I start to feel dizzy and throw up (I didnt know this then but I was having a heat stroke). Long story short as im sick I have to find our way back to a gated area near a road where my stepdad can come get us and take us back to As car. During this whole thing im so sick from the heat that I can barely walk and throw up about two more times (i was mortified) (A also did not offer to help me walk or help me find our way back to the gated area). I get home and im so embarrassed and upset and feel like the whole disaster is my fault and to make matters worse A doesnt text me or call me to see if im feeling better or made it home okay. A couple days later when were working together I jokingly said Nice of you to check in on me after I almost died. A kinda laughs and then doesnt talk to me the rest of our shift together. I tried to text him and ask him why he wasnt talking to me but he only replied saying that I was the one giving him the silent treatment. For the next week or so we dont really talk which I was really upset about until one day at work I hear him telling my coworkers that Im not talking to him and that Im the one being a jerk. When I was able to get him alone I confronted him about this because he knows how much I care about how im perceived and I dont want people to think Im a btch. Well after that happened I heard him telling my coworkers about how I just yelled at him for something that wasnt his fault and that he wasnt ignoring me. Well I started to tear up and I guess he saw me wipe my eyes because later he asked one of my coworkers if they saw me crying. We ended up not talking the rest of that shift and all my coworkers treated me very weirdly probably because he was talking about me behind my back. AITA for being upset? Should I apologize?edited for spelling Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Also NTA talking behind your back over something serious is a dick move. Life Tip: Dont try and find yo honey where you make yo money. You'd only be TA if you apologise. Don't apologize. This is honestly a dumb situation. Just be honest and move onwards. Nobody's opinions or thoughts on this small situation really matters. I'm not trying to downsize your situation honey. There will be moments when you should apologize this isn't one of them. Let go of it and it's time for a new crush. You'll only look like the crazy one if you harp on this.Best wishes Chica. NTA! That boy is not worth your time do not and I repeat do not ever listen to a word he says you deserve someone so much better SO MUCH BETTER. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)I (17F) recently went on a hike with my coworker/friend (18M) who Ive had a crush on for over 2 years (well call him A). The day started out great when on our hike we came to two different trails. I suggested going on the blue trail which ive hiked numerous times but A wanted to go on the red trail which neither of us have been on. I was hesitant but agreed mostly because I like him so much that id agree to pretty much anything he suggests. So anyways we take the red trail and end up getting lost. We walk about 10 miles before we realize we are in a bad situation (no water left 95 degree heat 12 miles back to his car). As if things cant get any worse I start to feel dizzy and throw up (I didnt know this then but I was having a heat stroke). Long story short as im sick I have to find our way back to a gated area near a road where my stepdad can come get us and take us back to As car. During this whole thing im so sick from the heat that I can barely walk and throw up about two more times (i was mortified). I get home and im so embarrassed and upset and feel like the whole disaster is my fault and to make matters worse A doesnt text me or call me to see if im feeling better or made it home okay. A couple days later when were working together I jokingly said Nice of you to a check in on me after I almost died. A kinda laughs and then doesnt talk to me the rest of our shift together. I tried to text him and ask him why he wasnt talking to me but he only relied saying that I was the one giving him the silent treatment. For the next week or so we dont really talk which I was really upset about until one day at work I hear him telling my coworkers that Im not talking to him and that Im the one being a jerk. When I was able to get him alone I confronted him about this because he knows how much I care about home im perceived and I dont want people to think Im a jerk. Well after that happened I heard him telling my coworkers about how I just yelled at him for something that wasnt his fault and that he wasnt ignoring me. Well I started to tear up and I guess he saw me wipe my eyes because later he asked one of my coworkers if they saw me crying. We ended up not talking the rest of that shift and all my coworkers treated me very weirdly probably because he was talking about me behind my back. AITA for being upset? Should I apologize?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. DO. NOT. APOLOGIZE. Hes a jerk and doesnt deserve more attention from you. Also youre going to have to learn to give a crap about how people think of you. Theres ALWAYS someone who wont like you no matter how beautiful sweet cool and generous you are thats a fact of life so dont waste more energy on that. Learn to love yourself because youre worth it! So for context my friend isnt very well off shes constantly talking about how disadvantaged she is but she isnt suffering and she still has nice things like a gaming Pc and designer items. were both teenagers but Im relatively privileged all things considered that being said I recently upgraded from my iphone7 to an iPhone 11 and I decided I wanted to give the old one away (mind you the phone works perfectly I just wanted to do something nice) I posted on Snapchat that I would give it away and immediately the friend approached me and asked for it I said yes of course but not even an hour later she is asking on her Snapchat story if anyone had free phones for her to take.I approached her about this and she said that she was going to take my phone to trade in with some others from different people and get herself a brand new one I didnt like this... I posted the free phone to give to someone in need its not the Lambo of electronics but it gets you from AB I guarantee.I asked some other friends and they backed me up and we told her she couldnt have it then she ghosted  is for three days before DMing me on Snapchat that her phone had actually broken and she needed it ASAP I felt bad and said yes because Im spineless.Not even a day later she admits that shes going to give the phone to her parents so that theyll buy her a new one.Im beyond annoyed and I dont want to give her anything anymore Id rather just sell the phone myself than give it away at this point so reddit WIBTA for not giving my friend a FREE PHONE because she doesnt really need it?Edit: I specified to her that the phone was supposed to be for someone that couldnt generally afford a phone but she insisted that she deserved it.Update: She just blocked me and called me an asshole so.... yeah that resolved itself Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA who tf does she think she is? NTA. Its your phone. You get to decide who you give it to. NTA. Thats crappy of your friend. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)So for context my friend isnt very well off shes constantly talking about how disadvantaged she is but she isnt suffering and she still has nice things like a gaming Pc and designer items. were both teenagers but Im relatively privileged all things considered that being said I recently upgraded from my iphone7 to an iPhone 11 and I decided I wanted to give the old one away (mind you the phone works perfectly I just wanted to do something nice) I posted on Snapchat that I would give it away and immediately the friend approached me and asked for it I said yes of course but not even an hour later she is asking on her Snapchat story if anyone had free phones for her to take.I approached her about this and she said that she was going to take my phone to trade in with some others from different people and get herself a brand new one I didnt like this... I posted the free phone to give to someone in need its not the Lambo of electronics but it gets you from AB I guarantee.I asked some other friends and they backed me up and we told her she couldnt have it then she ghosted  is for three days before DMing me on Snapchat that her phone had actually broken and she needed it ASAP I felt bad and said yes because Im spineless.Not even a day later she admits that shes going to give the phone to her parents so that theyll buy her a new one.Im beyond annoyed and I dont want to give her anything anymore Id rather just sell the phone myself than give it away at this point so reddit WIBTA for not giving my friend a FREE PHONE because she doesnt really need it?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. INFO did you pay for the phone or your parents? If they did they say you could keep it? Have you thought about donating to a women's shelter? NTANow you found out more how your friend is like. YTA... You already told her you would give her the phone. My parents are both still alive and together like married. My dad is bi always been open about it whatever great for him I guess. He married mom had my siblings and I but used to talk about ex boyfriends and stuff like that. Its great that we grew up in such an open household but I honestly didnt want to hear about my dad's old partners. It was gross and detailed. I'm the youngest and now that my older siblings are out of the house my parents decided to open up their marriage and started dating this guy about a year ago. We'll call him J. He seems nice enough I guess there's not some creepy age difference doesnt have a family of his own to complicate things. Well since we have the room they asked him to move in. He did along with her pet ferret and ever since then he's been nothing but a dick. Bossing me around making me do things my parents never did before having gross convos with my dad in the living room when I'm right there in the kitchen. The other day he told me to go clean his ferret's cage and I blew up at him telling him that he wasnt my dad he had to stop making me do shit for him especially when the damn animal wasnt mine. He seemed hurt but whatever. My parents talked to me and said that he essentially was my third parents and I disagree. He's been around for a year is disgusting and a lazy slob and his pet stinks and I dont want to be around him. I'd rather go live with my siblings or my grandparents or my uncle then spend another day with him. I left the house with mom and dad crying and havent gone home yet. I have a friend who's letting me crash in his guest house. I feel guilty cause mom's begging me to come back since its dark now that they'll break up with J and move him out if I dislike him so much but I dont believe her. They seem really happy and it just feels like a ploy to get me to go back especially since they moved him in without talking about it. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. Your parents shouldve discussed moving J in and the dynamic within the household adding J in. Also just because theyre dating doesnt give him the right to automatically act like your parent. You need time to adjust and be comfortable with it. It sounds like your parents didnt even consider you in the equation when choosing J. NTA. Your parents are free to have a relationship with whomever they choose. You are free to decide you dont want to deal with their boyfriend and move out. Your parents are assholes for letting this guy pretend to be your parent. NTA. You already have established parents. Info: How old are you? Like are you a teenager or an adult living at home? And did your parents discuss this new family dynamic with you prior to J moving in?Withholding judgment at the moment  but it sounds like you and your bio parents should/ still need to have a conversation about this relationship of theirs. I'm sorry to hear you are dealing with it but I'm sensing this wasn't properly addressed prior to having their boyfriend move in. NTAJ is not you parent so you don't have to listen to him.  They could have waited until you left the house to really go this kind of relationship.  They obviously had different expectations and didn't think it would be an issue until he obviously crossed the line.  I don't think you have anything against their lifestyle just J.  They could do better. Nta. I think its gross that theyre trying to put the decision of whether or not he stays on a literal child. They know how hes been treating you so they dont personally have to make the choice between him or their child. Did they even ask you before he moved in?Personally I would move out with whatever relative will take you. Tho I would talk to them first about it mainly so I could get my important documents and so they know Im not dead or in danger. NTAYour parents boyfriend has no business bossing you around or being a third parent. They should have talked to you before moving him in and told him to knock it off when he started bossing you around. That being said youre parents are probably genuinely worried about you and it would probably be worthwhile to go back and talk to them about it while setting some ground rules. Best of luck to you. Nta. Can you not call any of your relatives or siblings for help? NTAHe is not your parent and imho they are rather ah letting him live there while they still had one kid home. And they really don't even have to kick him out just make him stop trying to be parent to you.Tbh I'd just move to live elsewhere AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)My parents are both still alive and together like married. My dad is bi always been open about it whatever great for him I guess. He married mom had my siblings and I but used to talk about ex boyfriends and stuff like that. Its great that we grew up in such an open household but I honestly didnt want to hear about my dad's old partners. It was gross and detailed. I'm the youngest and now that my older siblings are out of the house my parents decided to open up their marriage and started dating this guy about a year ago. We'll call him J. He seems nice enough I guess there's not some creepy age difference doesnt have a family of his own to complicate things. Well since we have the room they asked him to move in. He did along with her pet ferret and ever since then he's been nothing but a dick. Bossing me around making me do things my parents never did before having gross convos with my dad in the living room when I'm right there in the kitchen. The other day he told me to go clean his ferret's cage and I blew up at him telling him that he wasnt my dad he had to stop making me do shit for him especially when the damn animal wasnt mine. He seemed hurt but whatever. My parents talked to me and said that he essentially was my third parents and I disagree. He's been around for a year is disgusting and a lazy slob and his pet stinks and I dont want to be around him. I'd rather go live with my siblings or my grandparents or my uncle then spend another day with him. I left the house with mom and dad crying and havent gone home yet. I have a friend who's letting me crash in his guest house. I feel guilty cause mom's begging me to come back since its dark now that they'll break up with J and move him out if I dislike him so much but I dont believe her. They seem really happy and it just feels like a ploy to get me to go back especially since they moved him in without talking about it.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. Your parents have every right to welcome a third member into /their/ relationship but as you still live there as a minor their first responsibility is you and it should have been discussed by properly. They shouldn't expect anything more than a friend/role model as his role. He's an adult and can take care of himself and his own damn pet. If you go back I'd explain that and put your foot down on boundaries communicate the issues. Good luck. NTA you don't have to like someone your parents do and you don't have to accept them as a 'third parent' either. YWBTA though if you try to get your parents to dump someone they love just because you don't like him asking you to do stuff try to find a compromise. My mother literally didn't even have me meet her new boyfriend until I was ready and your butthole parents move a guy in without so much as a headsup? My parents HATE each other but even they're reasonable enough to know that they are my parents. No new partner will ever be a stepparent nor will they ever be allowed to act like it. (one of my dad's GF's did. I shut her down and he sided with me.) THAT is what a parent does not this nonsense yours are doing. The third partner sucks and so do your parents. NTA NTA If they were serious about breaking up and moving him out they would already be doing that. Not saying if you come home first. Stay somewhere that you are allowed to be comfortable and get the support you need. It sounds as if you have options. I would utilize them. No parent should put a relationship with a bad person above their kids. Tell her you will come back until J has moved outand not before then.Tell her all the reasons you dislike Jand he is not in any shape or form your parent.They can have their boyfriend move in when you move out.As minor they owe it to you to put your needs first.If not they are crappy parents.Tell her if J moves back after you come home you will leave againand contact CPS.Because J having nasty covos with Dad is verbal abuse imo.You don't need to hear anything like that.A NTA. Call your parents. Tell them youre at a friends house for the night safe. And that tomorrow when cooler heads prevail you need to have a sit down with just you 3. Have a sitdown with your parents without their bf and tell them while you are happy they're happy that they should have discussed moving their boyfriend into the home you also live in to see if that was something you were comfortable with. This is your home too and you should have had a say in who moves into it. Tell them while you respect the dynamics of their relationship he is their boyfriend and is in no way your parent and he does not get to boss you around like one. Set the boundries. He does not get to boss you around and tell you what to do he does not get to make rules or consequences. This is your home and to you he is a guest. He has no authority over you. He need to respect the fact that he is not your parent and you are not his slave. Explain that if this cant be respected then you dont feel comfortable with him in the home and either he can leave or you will cause you wont stay in a home with someone who makes you uncomfortable. Update us please! INFO: When you say "gross conversations" do you mean lovey dovey or graphic intimate discussions? So NTA your parents are. You are a minor and need to be their priority for another 2 years. Sorry you have to deal with that mess. I hope you can move in with a family meme we if you dont think your mom is telling the truth about moving him out NTA. Dude this is child abuse. You seriously might want to call a social worker to see what they have to say about this. NTA. I dont think everyone on this thread will know this but ferrets are hella stanky. There is no world where cleaning its cage should be your responsibility. He is the silly man who bought a garbagesmelling noodle rodent for a pet and he is the one who should clean it. Not his partners kid. I think you have a lot of underlying negative feelings about your parents open relationship. Should investigate that further. It oozes out from between the lines. But also I get it because fuck this ferret guy. so my roommate seems to have moved out of the apartment after we had a fight. this is too much drama to get into.even tho she doesn't live here and doesn't use the power. she's still obligated to pay her part on the bills for the apartment (we have our seperate rent so that's not an issue) but the power bill is in my name.she has accepted to pay 50 for the time she lived here but now she's refusing to pay 50 and claiming that it is unreasonable for me to ask for 50 for the rest of the period untill the lease is up.she says she can pay 1/3 of the power bill. and I do not want to accept that as I feel she's still obligated to pay for 50. when she signed the lease she obligated herself to the power bill too.AITA here? I want to be in the right before I make a final call on how I proceed from here  Edit: we both has 1 month termination meaning we're both moving by end of september Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YTA. They are willing to pay something and that covers at least the base fees before usage. You should see some decrease without someone using hot water (assuming it is electric instead of gas) cooking and using electronics. NAH but I think your roommate paying 1/3 of the bill is the best compromise you can reasonably expect. YTA. You're asking her to cover your electricity usage.  She is willing to pay 1/3. If you took her to small claims they would laugh you out. If your electric bill has a base monthly fee to have power turned on and a usage fee that's based on how much electricity you use then I'd suggest she pay for half the base fee but none of the usage fee. I'm inclined to say NTA but I am curious about the circumstances of the fight. Like if you did something to hurt her I don't really blame her for not paying it even if it's not "fair." Also how many months are left on the lease? Can you afford to just take the third until the lease is up or you get another roommate? I get that it's a principles thing but I don't see how you can force her to pay this if she's still paying the rent and you can afford to pay 2/3 might be worth it for your mental health to just drop it and move on. Plus isn't the price largely the same whether she's there or not? Stuff like the fridge and lights would pretty much be the same the big things would just be water and maybe an AC in her room right? I'll go with NTA but best of luck with your complaint. You'll wind up in small claims court because she's not going to pay more than her offer YTA  you do realise you have a meter somewhere and you pay what you use? She is more than generous to offer to pay ANYTHING at all. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)so my roommate seems to have moved out of the apartment after we had a fight. this is too much drama to get into.even tho she doesn't live here and doesn't use the power. she's still obligated to pay her part on the bills for the apartment (we have our seperate rent so that's not an issue) but the power bill is in my name.   she has accepted to pay 50 for the time she lived here but now she's refusing to pay 50 and claiming that it is unreasonable for me to ask for 50 for the rest of the period untill the lease is up.she says she can pay 1/3 of the power bill. and I do not want to accept that as I feel she's still obligated to pay for 50. when she signed the lease she obligated herself to the power bill too.  AITA here? I want to be in the right before I make a final call on how I proceed from hereI am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Okay so I am 17 and he is 18 and he is doing studying in architecture. We always talk about things we want to have when we are older which is nice big house in California (where we live) Tesla cars and nice beautiful dogs. The thing is his habits dont really seem different than the average person. He goes out to eat (rich people do not spend money on fast food often they rather save) says why dont you buy the larger one youll save money (companies like to make you buy the bigger one to spend more money) coupons are a waste of time and nah orthodontist sounds like a long time to be in school for I want something quick. When I adk him to split and entree cause me and him have small stomachs he refuses. It saves money though!! I mean he wont have to deal with college debt because his dad was in the military  he does save money sometimes. I just dont know if were going to be rich and it makes me cringe when he says were going to be rich. Im fine and content with being middle class. I just feel like a lot of people who arent good at spending always dream of being rich and say they will be rich but in reality thats really not the case. He thinks its going to be easy for him. He even says hes going to invest his money in stocks and that hes going to invest in real estate like I should be positive it will work but I dont wanna see him up for disappointment. It sounds fucked up but sometimes I dont believe in him. He also says stuff like what if we win the lottery or I put in 3 dollars in the lottery machine. Rich people do not rely on luck like that. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA but to be clear the fast food not splitting entrees not using coupons etc. aren't the reason you won't likely be rich. Even if he changed all that tomorrow you still wouldn't be likely to end up rich. Rich people absolutely rely on luck just like everyone else though. For every rich person there's millions of people doing the exact same things that will never make it. Life is 90 luck for everyone. NAH but honestly you guys are young and probably arent going to be together forever. Ask the adults you know if theyre still with the person they were dating at 17/18. While he doesnt have a frugal mindset. Doesnt mean you wont be well off. Your logic though also makes no sense. Saving 4 5 bucks on an entree isnt what sets you apart from elon musk....esh Whoa there partner.  I think you're jumping the gun a bit.  You and he aren't even fully adult yet (as in a fully matured brain which doesn't happen until mid 20s).  Get college out of the way.  Chances are you won't even be together by then!  Maybe you can find someone whose ideas of frugality match yours. Eh nta. Most people arent rich. If he really wants to be then he should arrange to meet with a financial advisor. Money doesnt go as far as he probably thinks it does. What he is dreaming about particularly in CA will require a hefty annual income level NAH but also rich people dont need to save money they already it and have multiple passive income sources etc so not having fast food isnt gonna make you rich. Same with splitting an entree. Being tight with money wont help. Becoming rich isnt about saving up and it never was. While there are certain habits that can help income is what makes you rich. And he is right the bigger packs are usually cheaper overall if you break it down to price/unit rather than price/item. Coupons are useless. You dont buy what you need in a smart way you buy what you can and when you can and stockpile. It might work for some people but again its a ton of time and effort its super limiting and it has nothing to do with becoming rich. Another thing: being rich / having THINGS. You can have the nice house and card but be super cash poor at the same time bc the more you own the higher your living expenses are. NAH r/relationshipadvice is a better sub for this. He sounds very immature your goals in life sound too different for this relationship to last long. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Okay so I am 17 and he is 18 and he is doing studying in architecture. We always talk about things we want to have when we are older which is nice big house in California (where we live) Tesla cars and nice beautiful dogs. The thing is his habits dont really seem different than the average person. He goes out to eat (rich people do not spend money on fast food often they rather save) says why dont you buy the larger one youll save money (companies like to make you buy the bigger one to spend more money) coupons are a waste of time and nah orthodontist sounds like a long time to be in school for I want something quick. When I adk him to split and entree cause me and him have small stomachs he refuses. It saves money though!! I mean he wont have to deal with college debt because his dad was in the military  he does save money sometimes. I just dont know if were going to be rich and it makes me cringe when he says were going to be rich. Im fine and content with being middle class. I just feel like a lot of people who arent good at spending always dream of being rich and say they will be rich but in reality thats really not the case. He thinks its going to be easy for him. He even says hes going to invest his money in stocks and that hes going to invest in real estate like I should be positive it will work but I dont wanna see him up for disappointment. It sounds fucked up but sometimes I dont believe in him. He also says stuff like what if we win the lottery or I put in 3 dollars in the lottery machine. Rich people do not rely on luck like that.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NAH you talk a lot about what he says and what he does. If this is about 'you' (as a couple) being rich what are you doing too? NAH because the likelihood of you two still being together as adults and this being a relevant issue in your life are slim to none.EDIT: I feel like rich people probably still eat fast food??? YTA. If those are his dreams and aspirations who are you to piss on them? Youre not a very supportive partner. For context. Im 18 Female 168 cm and I weigh 67kg. I recently posted a picture on my social media and I thought I looked pretty good. I dont show much skin because I feel uncomfortable but this picture was pretty nice where I was wearing a tank top.  One of my friends texted me and told me he cant believe I posted the picture. I asked him why. Him: well youve got be ATLEAST 250 pounds. Me: Im not I workout everyday. Him: do you know the risk factors of being obese? You could be dead by 25.  Me: but I watch what I eat and again I workout. Him: my girlfriend is 5ft tall and 100 pounds and youre telling me youre only 6 inches taller but only weigh 47 pounds more than her? Me: But I Him: honestly as someone whos going to be a nutritionist Im disgusted by you and your health. Thats when I blocked him everywhere and deleted his number. My family says that I did the right thing but my friends and especially his girlfriend say that Im too sensitive and That he was only trying to be helpful. Should I unblock him? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. Fuck this guy. Im disgusted that someone who wants a career in nutrition would speak to someone this way. He isnt much of a friend. NTA.He was refusing to listen and being unreasonably judgmental when your weight is fine. Don't know why he seemingly wanted to make you feel really shitty about yourself but that was clearly the goal of the language he used. Ignore the biases of people who put higher priority on either maintaining status quo or protecting his feelings and just worry about yourself. Youre in a healthy weight for your body especially if you workout and have muscle since muscle is heavy. NTA and in no way at all. No tolerance for AHs like him NTAHe a giant asshole there is legitimately nothing helpful in what he said and it wouldn't have been OK even if you did weight 250 lbs.He was likely vague with your friends and said he reached out to help with your weight or something and you freaked.Edit: Also he miss estimated your weight by over 100 lbs which is insane NTA they are a huge AH. NTA. Thats so gross and cringey. NTA. Do not unblock him!honestly as someone whos going to be a nutritionist Im disgusted by you and your health. He should probably work on his people skills before that happens. What if a client walks in what's his opening line going to be "I'm disgusted by you and your health"? F that guy.I'm disgusted by him and his disgusting attitude. NTA. You werent seeing a healthcare professional asking for advice you posted a pic on instagram. It wasnt the place or time for him to criticize your body.He also shouldnt be making assumptions about your health. He didnt evaluate you or ask any questions. He hasnt seen lab results to know if youre healthy. He doesnt know your exercise levels other conditions food intake mental health etc. and just assumed youre unhealthy because of your size. Side note he needs to learn how to communicate from a place of compassion not judgment before becoming a nutritionist. Hed also do well to learn about Health At Every Size (HAES). NTA. He had no reason to comment on your body out of nowhere. The nerve of some people. There's a difference between a close friend gently reaching out and asking if someone is doing alright sensitively and gently and an asshole gasping at the idea of someone posting a photo of themselves. That dude was seriously out of line. NTA You are 5' 5" 147 pounds which is perfectly fine. He seems to love to judge people I would've pointed out a flaw about him and then tell him how does it feel. But you did what was right. NTA  he was trying to be hurtful. And if that's how he's helpful then you don't need that kind of help in your life. You also didn't solicit any help this was no reaching out in real concern for your well being. NTA. Low weight doesnt equal healthy and high weight doesnt equal unhealthy. And even if you were wildly unhealthy its none of his business. NTA! How dare he comment unsolicited like that trying to make you feel bad! He is a bully and you should cut him out of your life NTA at all. I feel sorry for any clients he gets if he ever gets any at all. Terrible attitude. He should be minding his business unless consulted. NTADon't unblock him. Unless you specifically ask for health advice nobody has a right to say such things to you. It's downright disturbing that a socalled "professional" would "show concern" by calling someone disgusting. Ugh. Such a jerk he is!!! NTA why would you even think you could be an asshole for blocking him? He was spewing disgusting shit. If he wanted to be helpful he couldve approached this situation in a very different way. NTA. He should mind his own business. NTA I dont know what kind of training hes going through but I call bs on Im going to be a nutritionist. No nutritionist would ever confuse a perfectly healthy weight with obesity nor would a nutritionist ever talk down to someone like that. NTA if he seriously wants to be a nutritionist and wants to help people he first needs to get his communication skills right. He didnt come across helpful he was judgemental and downright nasty. Also you are NOT obese. And even if you were telling someone theyd be dead etc is just gross. No medical professional says that unless it is actually a serious concern. Also he needs to have his eyes checked. If his gf is 5ft and 100pounds she would look fat too. Im 55 and 100 pounds. Im skinny but if I was shorter I probably would look a lot less skinny. His behaviour was just wrong on so many levels AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)For context. Im 18 Female 168 cm and I weigh 67kg. I recently posted a picture on my social media and I thought I looked pretty good. I dont show much skin because I feel uncomfortable but this picture was pretty nice where I was wearing a tank top.  One of my friends texted me and told me he cant believe I posted the picture. I asked him why. Him: well youve got be ATLEAST 250 pounds. Me: Im not I workout everyday. Him: do you know the risk factors of being obese? You could be dead by 25.  Me: but I watch what I eat and again I workout. Him: my girlfriend is 5ft tall and 100 pounds and youre telling me youre only 6 inches taller but only weigh 47 pounds more than her? Me: But I Him: honestly as someone whos going to be a nutritionist Im disgusted by you and your health. Thats when I blocked him everywhere and deleted his number. My family says that I did the right thing but my friends and especially his girlfriend say that Im too sensitive and That he was only trying to be helpful. Should I unblock him?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. You don't even owe replies to such people. I would have blocked him when he messaged "dead". Nope! God I hope he fails getting that certificate. I'm very overweight and it's pretty clear to me that shaming will never work. The most insane part is that your weight and lifestyle is healthy. This guy should never work with people. I initially thought this post might be about people popping up randomly just to tell you their negative opinions about your looks but this is even worse. My initial response would be that these guys (in my inbox it was only men) were the type of people to enjoy putting others down. I honestly still think he's one of those people and I'm truly appalled that he's planning to pursue this professionally. Who does he think goes to see a nutritionist? Skinny people with perfect eating habits? His day would be filled with chubbies like me getting put down and probably stress eating simply from meeting this guy as well as give up on any attempt to get outside help. NTA. If this is what your friends consider "helping" I'd be very worried. Did they see the messages themselves? If you were actually morbidly obese I'd understand but you're not. He was most certainly not trying to help. He was feeding his own ego. He's a toxic narcissist and you need to cut his ass out of your life. NTA. NTA. I see where he's coming from and he did out of concerns for you but he could phrased nicer. You should unblock to let him know how you feel though When I was 20  I had a kid with my ex girlfriend. I was not at all prepared to have a kid and my ex told me that I would either have to step up 100 or to basically fuck off. I knew I couldnt be there 100 so I fucked off. Im now 40 and recently received communications from my son who is 20 (She named him Nic) and wants to know who his father is. The thing is my ex and I have been in contact for the past 23 years and she has been giving me some updates on how Nic has been doing and everything. I know that her and his stepfather love him very much and have provided for him and for that Im very grateful. I never wanted to intrude in their lives and I was happy just knowing that he was loved and cared for. When Nic messaged me and told me that he recently discovered that I was his father I told him that I didnt want to meet him and that his stepdad was more of his dad than I ever was and to just forget about me. He got upset with me and called me a true asshole and that he just wanted to know who I was. He also mentioned my new family and said that he feels sorry for my kids. I told him that it was for the best and that his stepdad was his true dad. AITA for what I said? I dont know how to feel about it lately and while I do feel for the kid I dont know anything about him and his stepdad raised him. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YTA. Hes your biological kid. You may not be his father figure but you couldve at least given him the time of day and met with him to explain how you feel. Blowing him off completely and telling him you didnt want to meet him was a dick move and may have made him feel abandoned/resented. He has every right to want to meet his biological father. YTAYou abandoned your son as a child and rejected him as an adult. You dont get to make parental decisions about whats best for him when youve never been a parent to him. YTA. Biologically you are his father and thats why he reached out and wants to know you. You could have at least talked to him told him some of your family history. He knows you're not his dad but he still was reaching out to know more about his roots. YTA. My Dad decided to not include himself in my life after my parents divorced. I was really young. My mother remarried and my Stepdad raised me. I reconnected with my Dad when I was 18. I did not expect a Dad relationship. I just wanted to know him and learn a little about him. I enjoyed his sense of humor and spontaneous nature. He never acted like a Dad and I was cool with that. I had a Dad. We had very positive relationship until he passed away a few years ago. Dont make assumptions. Dont overthink things. I guarantee this kid doesnt expect you to fit in a Dad role. Maybe just maybe you can find something positive. Dont let guilt guide your decisions. We all make poor decisions in life. Dont let the poor decisions define you. YTA. He wants to meet you and know about where he came from. It doesn't sound like he wants a new dad. Yta is it hard to just let him know his roots? He just wanted to understand you a bit more. YTA. You're right that his stepdad is his real dad but that doesn't mean he should never talk to you.At the very least you should provide him with a family medical history in case something comes up. YTA however I think what you said is coming from a place of extreme guilt. In your heart you know that you chose not to be a father to your child and someone else did your job for you and did it better than you. At this point you are both adults the time when he needed you was long ago so there is little reason to interact unless you want to stir up feelings and create more negativity. There's a certain kind of maturity in understanding that someone is for lack of a nicer phrase better off without you. YTA. Way to fuck over this kid at every possible opportunity.He's 20 he wasn't asking you to step into a dad role and raise him. Better people than you already did that. He just wanted to meet you and know more about where he came from. YTA forever. As a father I think bailing on your kid makes you the asshole. Luckily this kid had someone step up to be the father he clearly needs but it shoulda been you You're not the asshole for not raising him that's understandable. But YTA for not even meeting him. Probably going against the grain but either NAH or soft YTA. Your delivery could have been more tactful of course the kid is curious about you and saying just forget about me is only going to feed that curiosity. But youre also correct in saying that his stepfather is his true father. Probably going to be down voted to hell but NTA. You didn't have an interest in him when your ex was pregnant and opted to be out of his life that means you're out. It's similar when someone gives up a kid for adoption yeah that kid may be curious and want to know more but theres a reason people can request that their identity is sealed or refuse communication. While it sucks for your kid you technically don't owe him anything seeing as you opted out of being his dad. A harsh truth but I think it was good that you said it nta Nta its the harsh truth but its real you chose not to be there and I like how your respecting the stepdad AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)When I was 20  I had a kid with my ex girlfriend. I was not at all prepared to have a kid and my ex told me that I would either have to step up 100 or to basically fuck off. I knew I couldnt be there 100 so I fucked off. Im now 40 and recently received communications from my son who is 20 (She named him Nic) and wants to know who his father is. The thing is my ex and I have been in contact for the past 23 years and she has been giving me some updates on how Nic has been doing and everything. I know that her and his stepfather love him very much and have provided for him and for that Im very grateful. I never wanted to intrude in their lives and I was happy just knowing that he was loved and cared for. When Nic messaged me and told me that he recently discovered that I was his father I told him that I didnt want to meet him and that his stepdad was more of his dad than I ever was and to just forget about me. He got upset with me and called me a true asshole and that he just wanted to know who I was. He also mentioned my new family and said that he feels sorry for my kids. I told him that it was for the best and that his stepdad was his true dad. AITA for what I said? I dont know how to feel about it lately and while I do feel for the kid I dont know anything about him and his stepdad raised him.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. If you are already in contact with his other why haven't you talked to her about this? I think you shouldve met him at least once Wow. Your response to your son was cold. The last time I saw a character as icy as you his name was Mr. Freeze and he was battling Batman all up and down Gotham City!I want very badly to say YTA but Im not going to vote with my emotions. Technically youre NTA only because no one can force you to associate with someone you dont want to associate with. You have free will in that regard. That doesnt mean your choice doesnt stink to high heaven. From what Im reading your son doesnt want anything from you. Hes not asking you to put him through college. He just wants to meet you and get to know you. I dont think this is an unreasonable request. There might be medical information or other things about his heritage that he needs to know for his own good. He may understandably want to know about his grandparents and other family.It was brutal for you to reject him outright like that. Imagine how he feels. Theres also the fact that youre answering for other people besides yourself which you really have no right to do. Did it occur to you that your other relatives including your other children might like to get to know this young man? Why are you denying your other kids a chance to know their brother?If you have some deepseated guilt about the way things went down with his mother years ago you need to wrestle with those feelings either on your own or with a therapist. Dont take it out of the kid.It seems that in twenty years you havent learned much: youre still running away from everything. NTA. You did the kid a favor My (M17) bestfriend (F17) dated this guy well call Jack (M17) for a few months. During those few months she added him to a groupchat with me and Jack and I got close. My best friend messaged me telling me Jack was bisexual (so am I and my bestfriend) and that it seemed like he was flirting with me. I told her I had no interest in him because... hes her boyfriend lol. And we moved on. Eventually they broke up due to lockdown and Jack went into a depressive episode. I helped my friend through it and then we moved on. A few weeks later I messaged Jack to see how he was. I didnt want to just leave him alone during his depressive episodes especially when he made it clear he didnt have many people to talk to. This became a routine. Every 3 weeks or so Id message him asking how he is. Thing is recently my friends and I got together and some of my friends mentioned how strange it was that Jack still followed all of us on Instagram. They then said how its a shitty thing that I still follow him. I told them I didnt even know I followed him (which is true I rarely use Instagram) and we moved on. At one point Jack did get a bit flirty with me when I checked up on him. I left the conversation and think I did a good job at making it clear I wasnt interested without hurting him. 3 weeks later (now) I message him again because I needed someone to talk to and I dont want to bother my friends so late. Im just wondering if Im a bad friend for doing this? Im planning on telling my bestfriend I still talk to Jack on occasions to check up on him. I care about the guy but Im not interested in him and Im afraid that after what jack said (he mentioned how strange it was that I check up on my bestfriends ex every now and then and compliment him to make him feel good; I said his hair is looking back because it started growing back after he shaved it off) my bestfriend will think Im trying to get with him. Even if I was into him I wouldnt let myself do that because its shitty to do that to her. Im just wondering whats best to do in this situation. Leave him be to himself out of respect to my best friend or continue to check up on him now and then to make sure hes okay? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. If you feel like shes going to find out soon you should just come clean but assure her that theres nothing going on as it might hurt her but again NTA NTA your just checking in on someone who was in a depressed state. NTA. If "Jack" did something terrible to your friend when they broke up I would understand being upset but if things just weren't working out and they broke up there really isn't any reason you shouldn't talk to him to make sure he's okay. Its clear that you aren't interested and you can simply show your best friend that if she asks and is concerned that you are. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)My (M17) bestfriend (F17) dated this guy well call Jack (M17) for a few months. During those few months she added him to a groupchat with me and Jack and I got close. My best friend messaged me telling me Jack was bisexual (so am I and my bestfriend) and that it seemed like he was flirting with me. I told her I had no interest in him because... hes her boyfriend lol. And we moved on. Eventually they broke up due to lockdown and Jack went into a depressive episode. I helped my friend through it and then we moved on. A few weeks later I messaged Jack to see how he was. I didnt want to just leave him alone during his depressive episodes especially when he made it clear he didnt have many people to talk to. This became a routine. Every 3 weeks or so Id message him asking how he is. Thing is recently my friends and I got together and some of my friends mentioned how strange it was that Jack still followed all of us on Instagram. They then said how its a shitty thing that I still follow him. I told them I didnt even know I followed him (which is true I rarely use Instagram) and we moved on. At one point Jack did get a bit flirty with me when I checked up on him. I left the conversation and think I did a good job at making it clear I wasnt interested without hurting him. 3 weeks later (now) I message him again because I needed someone to talk to and I dont want to bother my friends so late. Im just wondering if Im a bad friend for doing this? Im planning on telling my bestfriend I still talk to Jack on occasions to check up on him. I care about the guy but Im not interested in him and Im afraid that after what jack said (he mentioned how strange it was that I check up on my bestfriends ex every now and then and compliment him to make him feel good; I said his hair is looking back because it started growing back after he shaved it off) my bestfriend will think Im trying to get with him. Even if I was into him I wouldnt let myself do that because its shitty to do that to her. Im just wondering whats best to do in this situation. Leave him be to himself out of respect to my best friend or continue to check up on him now and then to make sure hes okay?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. You are allowed to be friends with whoever you want. It would probably be a good idea to tell your friend that you still check up on Jack from time to time and reassure her youre not interested in pursuing anything with him she may still get upset but that doesnt make you an asshole. YTAI think its really great that you are reaching out to someone who is struggling with their mental health. Youve also made your boundaries clear and ensured that its strictly platonic which is good. However you should have already told your friend. Going behind her back is uncool and raises suspicion even if you really are doing nothing wrong. I would just tell your friend ASAP what youve been doing and why. A good friend would understand and maybe even be appreciative that someone is looking out for someone they once cared for especially if she isnt in a position to do it herself. There's no way around saying I'm pretty fat. Not like morbidly obese but I also know my weight isn't the healthiest either. I do exercise though rather frequently I'm almost somewhat reasonably in shape I can run a mile in good time but I like food too much to really make any attempt at seriously changing my weight. I don't really care about other people's weight either unless I'm lifting them or dosing their meds (I work in healthcare) other people's weight matters very little to me and isn't something I really care about. I was at work on a call and someone on the other end was trying to remember who I was. I had no idea who this person was I'd probably met them before but I was coming up blank. It wasn't really relevant for what I was trying to get out of the call though. This person was describing me trying to make sure they were thinking of the right person and in that process they called me "the really big guy". My comeback was and has always been that I like my food and didn't get fat on accident. For whatever reason that ruffled some feathers I didn't know why because that phrase is to me like Bazinga is to Sheldon Cooper. It turns out that person was much bigger than I took offense to it reported me and everything. AITA? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. They reported you for fat shaming yourself... you clearly stated you and its not your fault they felt shame from your comment. In fact Id counter the description of really big guy was unnecessarily inappropriate. NTA self depreciation. You were talking about yourself not them the fact they took it badly says a lot about the way they see themselves. NTA. Thats not fat shaming that person is an asshole. NTA. They called you the really big guy? Fuck them then. They had absolutely no business reporting you after making a comment like that. NTA. They called you the "really big guy" to make themselves feel less insecure about their weight. They were actually fatshaming you and when you took ownership of that and poked fun at yourself to cope they tried to use that against you. Sounds like this person has way too many issues to unpack. NTA. They were just over sensitive. NTAWtf? Way too sensitive that person!!! AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)There's no way around saying I'm pretty fat. Not like morbidly obese but I also know my weight isn't the healthiest either. I do exercise though rather frequently I'm almost somewhat reasonably in shape I can run a mile in good time but I like food too much to really make any attempt at seriously changing my weight. I don't really care about other people's weight either unless I'm lifting them or dosing their meds (I work in healthcare) other people's weight matters very little to me and isn't something I really care about. I was at work on a call and someone on the other end was trying to remember who I was. I had no idea who this person was I'd probably met them before but I was coming up blank. It wasn't really relevant for what I was trying to get out of the call though. This person was describing me trying to make sure they were thinking of the right person and in that process they called me "the really big guy". My comeback was and has always been that I like my food and didn't get fat on accident. For whatever reason that ruffled some feathers I didn't know why because that phrase is to me like Bazinga is to Sheldon Cooper. It turns out that person was much bigger than I took offense to it reported me and everything. AITA?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. Your fat shaming was entirely directed at yourself. I will mention that technically if someone is larger than you (or higher BMI?) they might argue that any self depreciating comment you make about yourself would also apply to them to a greater extent. But I would argue that your reasons (self depreciating as they are) were obviously specifically about YOU in the way that you described them and you had no idea about their appearance and made no assumptions about their weight. 17F in college.We were out at night with a massive group and my roommate decided to disappear to scare her boyfriend. The thing is she never told anyone what she was doing. So when her boyfriend asked where she was I was understandably worried. I called her and then she told me it was a prank. She reappeared a moment later where her boyfriend took her phone and hid it. I told them that I had been concerned for their safety and to please not pull those pranks around me to which the entire group essentially told me to lighten up. I then start texting a Snapchat group about something totally unrelated and someone on there sounded kind of sarcastic to me about the fact that I was in college. So I called them out. That led to them saying that was just how they talked and then I told them about what had happened. They essentially told me the same thing: lighten up theyre in college everyone will just assume you went home.THATS WHAT TERRIFIES ME. That people will assume I just went home and that nobody in the group will actually know for sure where I went. And the fact that everyone seems okay with that fucking terrifies me. I ended up leaving the Snapchat group over it. They added me back which lead to this(https://imgur.com/a/BejHrzb) exchange.Found out after the fact that she apparently wasnt alone when she disappeared. She still hadnt told anyone what she was doing.Am I really an asshole for apparently having a stick up my ass? Im just scared shitless for my own safety at the apparent lack of regard for my roommates. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. You were worried. She is a young woman something horrible could have happened. You did not overreact. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)17F in college.We were out at night with a massive group and my roommate decided to disappear to scare her boyfriend. The thing is she never told anyone what she was doing. So when her boyfriend asked where she was I was understandably worried. I called her and then she told me it was a prank. She reappeared a moment later where her boyfriend took her phone and hid it. I told them that I had been concerned for their safety and to please not pull those pranks around me to which the entire group essentially told me to lighten up. I then start texting a Snapchat group about something totally unrelated and someone on there sounded kind of sarcastic to me about the fact that I was in college. So I called them out. That led to them saying that was just how they talked and then I told them about what had happened. They essentially told me the same thing: lighten up theyre in college everyone will just assume you went home.THATS WHAT TERRIFIES ME. That people will assume I just went home and that nobody in the group will actually know for sure where I went. And the fact that everyone seems okay with that fucking terrifies me. I ended up leaving the Snapchat group over it. They added me back which lead to this(https://imgur.com/a/BejHrzb) exchange.Found out after the fact that she apparently wasnt alone when she disappeared. She still hadnt told anyone what she was doing.Am I really an asshole for apparently having a stick up my ass? Im just scared shitless for my own safety at the apparent lack of regard for my roommates.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. She is your friend and you were worried and concerned for her well being. Especially considering all of the terrible crap happening in the world with human trafficking. Not that it was a for sure that is what will happen but its a bit alarming to me that they told you to lighten up when you genuinely thought your friend was missing. There are funny pranks that are harmless. Then there are ones that just seriously arent and can cause actual terrible emotions for people. NTA. People need to look out for each other. If something serious had happened and everyone else assumed that person had just gone home would they forgive themselves for not doing something? YTA. Sorry. You arent her mom and she doesnt need to report to you where she is going or why. Soft YTA. You're projecting your worries/insecurities on her. It's okay for you to be worried about yourself but that doesn't mean she has to tell someone every time she goes somewhere. She wasn't gone for an extended period of time. It was just a prank. You need to type out the exchange not post a link to it. A few months ago my brother gave me his Nintendo Switch and allowed me to buy Animal Crossing New Horizons. While playing on the mystery islands I found a rare villager Judy (a pink and purple cub) I got her to join my island so I could trade her for Lucky (a dog wrapped in bandages like a mummy) or Ankha (a cat with an Egyptian themed appearance) what I didn't realize is that using the airport for online stuff needs a subscription to Nintendo Switch Online. Typically I don't use online features and didn't know much about the system when I got it so didn't know about this. As I was trying to trade with this person this is when I found out about it. I apologized for wasting their time and they called me an idiot and told me they were going to get me banned from posting on animal crossing boards on GameFaqs as well as make it known that I'm a "scammer" and that "no one will want to trade with me" and that "I deserve this". I feel guilty about getting their hopes up but I still apologized. AITA? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. Despite how long the game has been out most people dont know about the needed online feature. I got the game a couple of months ago as a first time player of the franchise. I was so shocked to see how seriously people take villagers like Judy or Raymond.They will do and say whatever it takes to get them and if they dont they will blame so many people. If you have open plots or even if you dont try the campsite method. Its how I got Raymond for free. It goes faster with time traveling but you dont need the Nintendo switch online. If you want more info for the method feel free to message me. NTA as someone who was new to the switch  animal crossing when it came out my bf had to explain a lot of that stuff to me bc I had no idea about it. Theyre an AH for that just because you didnt know about the Online subscription No NTA you genuinely didn't know you needed a subscription service to go online and apologized when you realized your mistake. Also I don't know how you can scam people when you aren't getting anything out of this either. Don't sweat it the other person was just overreacting to an honest mistake. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)A few months ago my brother gave me his Nintendo Switch and allowed me to buy Animal Crossing New Horizons. While playing on the mystery islands I found a rare villager Judy (a pink and purple cub) I got her to join my island so I could trade her for Lucky (a dog wrapped in bandages like a mummy) or Ankha (a cat with an Egyptian themed appearance) what I didn't realize is that using the airport for online stuff needs a subscription to Nintendo Switch Online. Typically I don't use online features and didn't know much about the system when I got it so didn't know about this. As I was trying to trade with this person this is when I found out about it. I apologized for wasting their time and they called me an idiot and told me they were going to get me banned from posting on animal crossing boards on GameFaqs as well as make it known that I'm a "scammer" and that "no one will want to trade with me" and that "I deserve this". I feel guilty about getting their hopes up but I still apologized. AITA?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. info: did you accept anything from them for their end of the exchange? NTA u wasted like 3minutes of his time big deal... My morning pee is longer then that At school we have educational assistants who  among other things  decorate our bulletin boards for us. Last year we had an EA who was fire and my bulletin boards always looked exactly like I wanted them to.Well unfortunately she quit and this year another EA took up the job of decorating my board. I drew out exactly what I wanted it to look like and emailed it to her. Its nothing over the top  I wanted a rainbow border with a black border (edit: black background) and a short quote in white block letters with the main word of the quote in rainbow letters and a thinner font. When she told me they didnt have rainbow border I told her I would go get some.Well yesterday I come out of a meeting and my board is done. The main word actually doesnt look bad (its not in a thin font like I wanted) but the rest of it is in black lettering on poorly cut white squares of paper the font choices are awful the whole thing is crooked and the each side of the border (top bottom left and right) are different colors (red yellow green and something else).I was completely thrown off. It looks nothing like what I wanted it to and although we dont have students coming in yet we will eventually and this will not only be the bulletin board that greets them but every student and teacher who walks by will see it. Would I be the asshole if I took down the borders and lettering and redid it myself? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. You asked her to do it and she failed to meet your expectations. Do it yourself to set an example of the expected quality. NTA I would just tell her you werent feeling it and went with such and such instead. NTA fellow teacher here though I'm wondering if maybe your expectations weren't as clear as you had thought or if she just plain doesn't know how to do a lot of these things and you could use it as an opportunity for some training? Like if you specified which font why did she choose others does she know how to use a design program/print out the letters/use stencils/cut an even square? Sometimes I can forget where I learned how to do a lot of this stuff and just assume people know how to do it and of course some people just aren't super crafty or designy. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)At school we have educational assistants who  among other things  decorate our bulletin boards for us. Last year we had an EA who was fire and my bulletin boards always looked exactly like I wanted them to.Well unfortunately she quit and this year another EA took up the job of decorating my board. I drew out exactly what I wanted it to look like and emailed it to her. Its nothing over the top  I wanted a rainbow border with a black border and a short quote in white block letters with the main word of the quote in rainbow letters and a thinner font. When she told me they didnt have rainbow border I told her I would go get some.Well yesterday I come out of a meeting and my board is done. The main word actually doesnt look bad (its not in a thin font like I wanted) but the rest of it is in black lettering on poorly cut white squares of paper the font choices are awful the whole thing is crooked and the each side of the border (top bottom left and right) are different colors (red yellow green and something else).I was completely thrown off. It looks nothing like what I wanted it to and although we dont have students coming in yet we will eventually and this will not only be the bulletin board that greets them but every student and teacher who walks by will see it. Would I be the asshole if I took down the borders and lettering and redid it myself?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA.  If your EA says anything about it tell her you realized you hadn't expressed your expectations very well and thank her for the work she did do. TA for personal reasons My Dad died recently and its now turned up that my older sister was left out of his will. Unfortunately she found out through family members and shes upset. They werent as close as we were but quite frankly Im still a bit shocked he left everything to me. Im getting roughly 200000 after taxes. I understand this is a big amount and her feelings are hurt. Should I make a gesture of good will and give her some or keep it for myself. Dad was specific in his will that I should get it all so.... ? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA.  But at the same time if you want a good relationship with your sister you might think about doing something.  Even if she gets a full half of the money though her feelings can still be hurt that her father thought so little of her.Also depending on how the will is written she might have a basis for challenging it.  I'm sorry for your loss. Was your dad otherwise a decent person? If he was then maybe something happened you werent aware of? If not if he had issues I would share some to preserve my relationship with my sibling. NTA  It's your money dude it would be totally awesome of you if you did give your sister a little something but you are under no obligation to. You are not the asshole. But your dad might have been INFO. Was there bad blood between them? I'm very curious as to this blatant favoritism and why it is the way it is? from your comments it seems your sister hasnt done anything wrong and your dad was just a shitty parent. of course youre not obligated to share though im sure your sister would feel pretty shite being left out of the will through no fault of her own and watching her sibling get 200k and not share a penny of it. i guess it comes down to whether you want to preserve a relationship with her. NAH (except ur dead dad) NAH  it's not your fault you are in this position but I would share the money. It sounds like she only missed out because your dad was abusive and crazy. Talk to an accountant or financial planner or something to make sure you don't get screwed with tax and share the inheritance. You are family I feel like she didn't do anything wrong and doesn't deserve to miss out. Info op are you male. How would you feel if it was the other way around and she got everything? Unless something serious happened between them this is blatant favouritism and is unfair at the end of the day You are not the asshole for being a golden child.But you might be if you dont aknowledge this issue after your dad death.Talk to her snd express this to her. Maybe AT LEAST help her to do a bussiness with your dad money.  Or a backup in any emergency. She deserves it after enduring abuse from him. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)TA for personal reasons My Dad died recently and its now turned up that my older sister was left out of his will. Unfortunately she found out through family members and shes upset. They werent as close as we were but quite frankly Im still a bit shocked he left everything to me. Im getting roughly 200000 after taxes. I understand this is a big amount and her feelings are hurt. Should I make a gesture of good will and give her some or keep it for myself. Dad was specific in his will that I should get it all so.... ?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Need more info why was she cut out? NTA. I think more your dad is the asshole  not you.  All the same I'm not going to say either way what you should do with the money because I don't know your family.   However  I do think it's important to support your family so long as they weren't and aren't abusive NTA. Your dad decided not you. It's on him. It's not your fault. Even if you weren't the golden child and neither was your sister there is still the possibilty of both of you being left out of the will. There is not necessarily a direct impact of you being a golden child on her being left out or put in. MTA got bring perceived as the GC. I think YWBTA not give you sis some money. Your dad did a asshat move dont be like your dad. How much?  Half. Sounds like she deserves it as much as you for being your dads inching bag. Be a great sister. Dont be TAH. YWBTA if you kept it all and you'd ruin your relationship with your sister. It's not going to be worth it to keep all the money and have bad blood in the family.  Ever after you're going to be known as the one who kept all the money after your abusive father cut your sister out  it will be the family soap opera. I promise you it's better to be generous and fair in the long run. Death and money make people act badly.  When you're old and look back at your life what kind of memories do you want?  The ones where you came up with some justification to go along with your father's abusive will so that you could keep the money or the ones where you rose above your baser instincts and acted well? I feel like this is a final FU to your sister.  Beyond just the obvious I think it's his attempt to ruin her relationship with you.  Keep this in mind when making your decision. For context: I (20NB) live a very nice life for a middleclass college student in Brazil. The thing is I'm transgender. My parents (43F and 49M) are aware but I'm still trying to convince them to support (financially) my hormone therapy. After talking to my mother today she told me that she doesn't have any intention on doing this simply because she does not want to be part of the process. That is stopping me from taking any steps since I don't have a job to pay for it myself. So later this night my aunt comes to visit and I hear my mom telling her about this conversation. The thing is I never told my aunt about my identity. My mom did and I didn't knew it. I confronted her crying after my aunt left. She tried to defend herself by saying that she trusts my aunt very much she doesn't have any friends and needs her to vent "she's family I would tell her anything that happens to you" and I'm "not so discreet about it". She called me a selfcentered btch for not agreeing with her and we haven't spoken since.I don't know if I made myself clear by writing this but I just wanna be sureAITA? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA  But I hope you can understand how difficult this kind of thing is for parents. I'm trans too (ftm) and it was an extremely emotional process for my mother. It took her 10 years before she began to accept my pronouns and name. You're young still. You will be able to financially support your own transition. I know it's hard but you have to be patient and work towards it. It will be worth it. I'm sorry your mother outed you to another family member. She doesn't understand how important this is or how vulnerable you feel. I get it. I wish you a lot of luck. NAH  it's pretty understandable that you think this information is sacred and should not be shared. But equally it's totally understandable that your mother would talk to her sister about it. NTA  For feeling wronged that you were outed.Mom ITA for outing you but not TA for not paying for something she isn't on board with. Correct belief or not. I'm saying this as a trans person.ESH because it honestly sounds like there's a lot of selfcenteredness on both sides. She is clearly taking this in a way that affects her and is less worried about how it affects you but I can't help but notice that you clearly have a grudge against her not paying for your HRT/transition which is definitely extremely expensive. You're 20. They have no obligation even as parents.x200B;I would like to ask what is stopping you from getting a job? Are you actively applying? Are you looking? NTA most definitely. Your gender identity is your business to disclose and your mother had no right to share that with someone without your consent. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)For context: I (20NB) live a very nice life for a middleclass college student in Brazil. The thing is I'm transgender. My parents (43F and 49M) are aware but I'm still trying to convince them to support (financially) my hormone therapy. After talking to my mother today she told me that she doesn't have any intention on doing this simply because she does not want to be part of the process. That is stopping me from taking any steps since I don't have a job to pay for it myself. So later this night my aunt comes to visit and I hear my mom telling her about this conversation. The thing is I never told my aunt about my identity. My mom did and I didn't knew it. I confronted her crying after my aunt left. She tried to defend herself by saying that she trusts my aunt very much she doesn't have any friends and needs her to vent "she's family I would tell her anything that happens to you" and I'm "not so discreet about it". She called me a selfcentered btch for not agreeing with her and we haven't spoken since.I don't know if I made myself clear by writing this but I just wanna be sureAITA?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA and Im so sorry youre going through this. Its entirely up to you who you disclose your gender identity to nobody else. I would suggest your mum look online for support groups if she is struggling though (and for you to do the same should you need to). Hoping all this is worked out soon for you NTA I have been in this exact situation and I was furious! I was outed to my mom and when it happened I explained to her how upset I was with the person who did it and she went and outed me to my aunt and uncle because it was on her mind I guess? To this day she doesn't seem to get why it was wrong. Also for your mom to call you a gendered insult after you rightly called her out... I'm so sorry you had to deal with this. link to original: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/ht8622/wibtaforcallingthecopsonmymompotentially/?utmsourceshareutmmediumiosapputmnameiossmfHi guys a lot has happened and ive gotten a few requests for updates so here it is. First i didnt call the police or request money for the watch but I did tell my mom and dad that if they contacted me again I would report them to the authorities. They tried guilt tripping me but i hung up and blocked them. Also I found out that my dad had been lying to me about their legal status and they were still undocumented. I got mad that he had lied to me and that was one of the reasons i cut contact with him and my mom. Also to the multiple people who dmed me saying that my parents werent bad the prom wasnt the worst part of my childhood just the one that i remembered most. I learned how to make simple meals at age 8 as my mom would refuse to make me food. Also when I was younger and we had no food she would get mad at me when I said i was hungry. Also she would buy expensive clothes and makeup while i was hungry. When i went to friends houses and didnt answer my phone she grounded me for weeks and made everything about her even if it had nothing to do with her. Some people told me to check if anything else was missing from my apartment and my key was missing. To the people who told me to change the locks thank you so much. I changed the locks but had to get landlords approval and gave my neighbor who im friends with a key instead of putting one under the mat. About 2 weeks ago my neighbor told me that she had seen someone trying to enter my apartment but the key didnt work. I asked for a description of them and guess who it was? I unblocked my dad and told him that I had filed a restraining order against my mother and she had come to my apartment. I didnt actually file a restraining order but i havent seen or heard from them since. Thank you all for the support Im probably going to log out of this account soon but thank you  That's about the happiest update one could expect on the situation. I'm glad your parents are starting to respect your boundaries. Hope they keep it up. Good job. You did good. Your mom sounds like a piece of work. People like her give immigrants a bad name. You handled this very well. Congratulations! My (18M) boyfriend (18M) along with me and our three friends were all hanging out but then my friend lets just call him Michael held a water bottle over my boyfriends head while my he was on his phone.Michael mouthed to me should I? in which I mouthed back a yes and I really thought Michael wasnt going to until he poured a drop onto his head in which my boyfriend gets up and is obviously pissed.Michael says that I told him to do it in which my boyfriend grabs the water bottle and proceeds to pour it all over me (but I wasnt pissed I deserved it) then grabs a cup full of water and says he would pour it all over Michael but then stormed out and went to go walk our dogs. I apologized to him over text saying I deserved that entire water bottle to be poured all over me and that I regret encouraging our friends behavior but then he responds that he is over it but I know he is still upset. Am I the asshole? (Sorry for the shit formatting Im on mobile.)EDIT: Signifcant other is usually... Hot headed Id say. He was not in a bad mood at all. Michael jokes around with us but not with water usually. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Michael shouldn't have dumped the water on your boyfriend especially while he was using his phone.You should not have encouraged Michael to douse your boyfriend.Your boyfriend overreacted.ESH. Grow up.  my friend lets just call him Michael held a water bottle over my boyfriends head while my he was on his phone. Welp. I don't like where this is going. I really thought Michael wasnt going to I'm not really sure what gave you that idea given that he had a water bottle in his hand and was bringing you in on it by literally asking you if he should do it followed by you giving him your blessing to go right ahead. my boyfriend grabs the water bottle and proceeds to pour it all over me (but I wasnt pissed I deserved it) Well at least you own that part. Anyway this whole thing is pretty darn petty I think. But before I go with any kind of judgement INFO please: why was your boyfriend's reaction quite so...out there? Like does this Michael guy do this kind of thing often? Was he already in a bad mood? Was there any more context to help me understand why he'd be quite so furious about a drop of water on his head? ESH. You all need to grow up. And pouring water on someone who's using their phone is not cool. Was this outside on a warm day and your partner had a change of clothes? Then it's at least within the realm of possibilities that you aren't an asshole. It's seems like a kind of strange thing to do if you weren't having a water fight or at a swimming pool or something but I'd call it more of an annoying stupid prank than an asshole move.Different circumstances would push it more into asshole territory. Like if it got furniture upholstery wet or your partner were wearing a suit or other nice clothes or he spends time or uses chemicals to maintain a certain hair style. YTA. You and the friend are both the jerks. A prank is a prank but he was on the phone. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)My (18M) boyfriend (18M) along with me and our three friends were all hanging out but then my friend lets just call him Michael held a water bottle over my boyfriends head while my he was on his phone.Michael mouthed to me should I? in which I mouthed back a yes and I really thought Michael wasnt going to until he poured a drop onto his head in which my boyfriend gets up and is obviously pissed.Michael says that I told him to do it in which my boyfriend grabs the water bottle and proceeds to pour it all over me (but I wasnt pissed I deserved it) then grabs a cup full of water and says he would pour it all over Michael but then stormed out and went to go walk our dogs. I apologized to him over text saying I deserved that entire water bottle to be poured all over me and that I regret encouraging our friends behavior but then he responds that he is over it but I know he is still upset. Am I the asshole? (Sorry for the shit formatting Im on mobile.)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Why are you all doing this? Do you guys not have a hobby or something better? Obligatory English not my language on mobileetc.Today I've decided to visit my parents for the whole day. They live like 10 mins away from me and I'll be going there around 1212:30. Now my MIL asked me to buy her the same blanket that my husband and I have. I bought that blanket and brought it in my trousseau that's why she asked me.I work in a bank so I'm quite high risk for corona as it is. And today is sunday so the market place will be crowded more than a weekday. When she initially asked me to go and buy it I said I'll tell her the name and exact location of the shop she can go with FIL on a weekday and buy it but she didn't even let me finish that suggestion(FIL usually has a weekoff in the middle of the week). She was all "You know the shop you've been there you can go again blah blah blah"Okay then it's decided I'll go.Last evening I tried talking to my husband about going to the market place and he said he's busy we'll talk later. And then I forgot about it until it was time for us to sleep. So we're in bed and I ask him if he has any plans for today. He denied so I said we have to go to the market and then you need to drop me at my parents house then in the evening we'll have dinner there and come back. He said "We'll go around 3pm because I'll be going to play football 111 with my friends" and I asked can't you do that in the evening or if you could go a bit later after the shopping and you dropping me off. He got annoyed and said why don't you go with my mom.Now I have 3 reasons to not go with her:1. If I take her it won't just be the blanket. I'm sure she'll make a list of few other things we need because we're going as it and will completely disregard my plans2. Taking her means I'll have to take my bike go to the market (it is my house  my parents house  marketplace) come back to drop her off and then go to my parents house which is inconvenient3. If I go with my husband it'll be one and done he'll drop me on the way back give the blanket to my MIL and go play with friends (this will save me a lot of time).So AITA?P.S.: My husband won't be missing his game altogether he'll just be a little late to it.Edit: I know even I'll be just a little late to my parents' house and still have all day with them but as I said earlier taking my MIL will be much more time consuming due to reasons 1  2. But I'm still thinking about me more than my husband which could make me the AH so am I? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA Its his damn mother Your husband is being selfish. NTA. Youre doing something for your husbands mother that she could have done easily herself. If your husband wont drop you off make buying the blanket his responsibility and do your own thing. YTA. If you dont want to go to the store with your MIL dont go. You apparently agreed (you said its decided) but you can tell her you changed your mind. Your husband doesnt want to go and already has plans. Why is he stuck making good on your agreement?Your letter vaguely suggests that your MIL has poor boundaries and you find it hard to stand up to her. Your husband should definitely be in your corner and help with that if you need it. But in that case the solution is not that he goes; its that no one goes. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Obligatory English not my language on mobileetc.Today I've decided to visit my parents for the whole day. She lives like 10 mins away from me and I'll be going there around 1212:30. Now my MIL asked me to buy her the same blanket that my husband and I have. I bought that blanket and brought it in my trousseau that's why she asked me.I work in a bank so I'm quite high risk for corona as it is. And today is sunday so the market place will be crowded more than a weekday. When she initially asked me to go and buy it I said I'll tell her the name and exact location of the shop she can go with FIL on a weekday and buy it but she didn't even let me finish that suggestion(FIL usually has a weekoff in the middle of the week). She was all "You know the shop you've been there you can go again blah blah blah"Okay then it's decided I'll go.Last evening I tried talking to my husband about going to the market place and he said he's busy we'll talk later. And then I forgot about it until it was time for us to sleep. So we're in bed and I ask him if he has any plans for today. He denied so I said we have to go to the market and then you need to drop me at my parents house then in the evening we'll have dinner there and come back. He said "We'll go around 3pm because I'll be going to play football 111 with my friends" and I asked can't you do that in the evening or if you could go a bit later after the shopping and you dropping me off. He got annoyed and said why don't you go with my mom.Now I have 3 reasons to not go with her:1. If I take her it won't just be the blanket. I'm sure she'll make a list of few other things we need because we're going as it and will completely disregard my plans2. Taking her means I'll have to take my bike go to the market (it is my house  my parents house  marketplace) come back to drop her off and then go to my parents house which is inconvenient3. If I go with my husband it'll be one and done he'll drop me on the way back give the blanket to my MIL and go play with friends (this will save me a lot of time).So AITA?P.S.: My husband won't be missing his game altogether he'll just be a little late to it.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. For context Im quite comfortable with my body and dont view it as an inherently sexual thing. Its basically a meat suit to me. So being nude is not a big issue for me and I wish there was less stigma around that. When I met my roommate Jess (fake name) in college she was already dating her bf (lets call him Taylor) and we grew close bonding over deadlines and ramen. Id describe our relationship as siblinglike. Taylor takes biology classes and flirts with the idea of going to med school. The other day we were talking about future careers and he jokingly brought up that if he were to get a job in the medical field hed only do surgery for guys because he might get distracted by a womans boobs. At first I laughed it off and teased him for being unprofessional but it led to us having a discussion about bodies in general and how theyre often unnecessarily sexualized and I shared my views with him. We still joked around it a bit and I took off my shirt (just my shirt) to prove a point that he had to get used to it. It was a heat of the moment thing and he turned away laughing so it wasnt like he was staring at my chest or anything. I put my shirt back on and we continued hanging out like nothing happened. No awkwardness or anything. Though I did apologize just in case and he said it was fine. Anyway my Jess found out (Taylor told her proving it wasnt really a big deal for both of us) and shes pissed. I can get why she might be upset after all I did flash her boyfriend but she knows there isnt anything sexual going on between Taylor and me. She refuses to see things from my view even though I tried to explain myself several times. Shes also making a big deal about the being naked thing even though she KNOWS my stance on nudity. If Taylor actually did become a surgeon would she yell at him every time he did a surgery? She needs to get used to seeing naked people imo and she doesnt understand that. Shes keeping her distance from me but is still talking to Taylor which is a bit hypocritical to me since he also had a part in this. Its not like he objected and he was cool with it. Honestly I feel like if she can see Taylors side she can see mine and shes just insecure about me taking her boyfriend (even though I have no interest in that) I dont think I did anything wrong but if I did Ill talk to her. AITA? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YTAJust because you are OK with it doesnt mean everyone else is. You dont need to force your views on Jess. She clearly thinks your views are wrong and you think her views are wrong.Dont flash other peoples boyfriends ESPECIALLY not your roommates/friends boyfriend. And for the record I trust my husband 100 and he would also turn away from someone flashing him but I would still not appreciate my socalled friend taking her clothes off in front of my husband. Just because you SAY you are not interested in him doesnt mean she BELIEVES youre not interested. Actions speaking louder than words and all that. YTA.This is your friend and roommate.I don't care what your politics are on nudity your priority should be on respecting them and their space within your living space to keep your home life a peaceful one.It sounds like you guys had a good fairly easy thing going and you let your desire for society to stop seeing bodies as sexual things get ahead of you. There is a massive amount of difference between nudity in a professional setting because you are literally a doctor and nudity in an intimate setting with your girlfriend's roommate.You may have felt fine with it he may have reacted reasonably for the situation but his girlfriend whose boundaries you do actually have to respect considering you live with her clearly was not okay with it. And that's fine for her to feel. Your protestations that those boundaries are unfair because of your politics make you an asshole too even beyond the literal act of flashing her boyfriend. YTA if you don't see the difference between you and him alone and you getting naked and him in a surgical setting with at least 5 other people I don't know what to tell you.It's not your job to get naked in front of your friends BF. YTA  Big time.He immediatly turned away which means he objected. Just because it is okay for you doesn't mean it is okay for everyone else. He told you that he might have a problem with this and you just go for it and do it anyway? YTA You did it in a completely conceited attempt to get attention and win an argument. I sincerely pity that shes stuck with you as her roommate. YTA. You too your shirt off in front of someones boyfriend and regardless of your views on nudity it doesnt mean everyone has to or does agree with you. You owe your friend an apology. YTA. Even if you didn't mean anything by it Taylor still very much could have interpreted it as you making a sexual advance. YTA. Seeing a someone you know (and hang out with often) naked is completely different from seeing a patient youre caring for naked. Youve talked about how YOU view nudity and Jess is aware of that. But what are her views? My guess is they differ from your own views. Regardless of your feelings about nudity and the human body it was completely inappropriate to flash your roommate/friends boyfriend. Yta that is inappropriate to do in front of your friend/roommates bf YTA even hearing your side of the story I wonder if you're leaving parts out. Is your roommates bf someone that you would be interested in?  Because it sounds like you might have made a move on him. Yta even though you have views you dont force them on others and do somthing like that. Especially alone with someone elses boyfriend even though you dont see that. YTA: just another person that thinks everyone should feel the same as themselves. Be considerate of other peoples obvious and predictable sensitivities. YTA. Regardless of what you guys were talking about you should have never taken off your shirt. You were disrespectful towards you friends and their relationship. There is stuff you just never do it's just common sense. YTA sure it sucks that bodies are sexualized but sexualized or not its still inappropriate to flash people. You wouldnt expect to also be fine taking your shirt off in public would you? He turned away so he was clearly at least somewhat uncomfortable with the situation in a relationship or not you shouldnt put anyone in that sort of situation where they have to reassure you that your levels of nudity were fine. Really inappropriate your personal views are irrelevant to the situation. YTA its great that being nude is not a big issue for you but youre TA for subjecting other people to your viewpoint. YTA. Just because you have these views on nudity doesnt mean everyone else does. The vast majority of people find nudity to be generally inappropriate. You can be nude in your own room but not just anywhere and anytime. You chose to take off your shirt and he was clearly uncomfortable with it since he looked away (even though he played it off after the fact you should have asked him before you took it off). Seeing naked people as a surgeon is completely different than someone randomly flashing another. Theres a reason the body is covered during surgery! It gives the person dignity and helps surgeons focus on the part being operated on. People never just lay completely naked on an operating table. I think your actions are a little perverted and you owe your roommate and her boyfriend an apology. YTA. He didn't have a part in it you psychopath. You took off your shirt and he looked away. YTA. Keep that shit on. YTA. just cause youre comfortable with your body it doesnt mean other people are jesus. youre a huge asshole for thinking you were cute and funng when you literally stripped in front of your friend's boyfriend for no reason what the actual fuck. what a horrible thing to do. sounds like you want her boyfriend even if you claim its not sexual.plus what you did could literally be considered sexual harrassment. pretty sure he did not want to see you naked. seeing a client is professional. seeing you was uncomfortable and unnecessary. YTASo by your logic if someone views sex as something that just gives pleasure and without "feelings" involved its just that like dancing.Now say you have a bf and this friend of yours sleeps with your bf to prove their view on sex without feelings as dancing would you not be pissed?Yes i know flashing and sex arent comparable but hey is just like dancing YTA. Big asshole. Your opinion here doesn't matter whether it was sexual  whether there is no romantic interest whether you believe your body is a meat suit... Etc etc. It's not about YOUR boundaries it's about your roommate boundaries and you trespass them big time. specially when Taylor said he does see boobs as a sexual thing. Stop making excuses and own your mistake. I find it fucking ironic that everyone here thinks OP is the AH when just here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/iaeeh3/aitaforaskingmyfemaleroommatetowearmore/) everyone berated the OP for being uncomfortable with his roommate whose breasts fell out of her top often.OP YTA. You knew Taylor sexualised boobs because he said he did and then you flashed him. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)For context Im quite comfortable with my body and dont view it as an inherently sexual thing. Its basically a meat suit to me. So being nude is not a big issue for me and I wish there was less stigma around that. When I met my roommate Jess (fake name) in college she was already dating her bf (lets call him Taylor) and we grew close bonding over deadlines and ramen. Id describe our relationship as siblinglike. Taylor takes biology classes and flirts with the idea of going to med school. The other day we were talking about future careers and he jokingly brought up that if he were to get a job in the medical field hed only do surgery for guys because he might get distracted by a womans boobs. At first I laughed it off and teased him for being unprofessional but it led to us having a discussion about bodies in general and how theyre often unnecessarily sexualized and I shared my views with him. We still joked around it a bit and I took off my shirt (just my shirt) to prove a point that he had to get used to it. It was a heat of the moment thing and he turned away laughing so it wasnt like he was staring at my chest or anything. I put my shirt back on and we continued hanging out like nothing happened. No awkwardness or anything. Though I did apologize just in case and he said it was fine. Anyway my Jess found out (Taylor told her proving it wasnt really a big deal for both of us) and shes pissed. I can get why she might be upset after all I did flash her boyfriend but she knows there isnt anything sexual going on between Taylor and me. She refuses to see things from my view even though I tried to explain myself several times. Shes also making a big deal about the being naked thing even though she KNOWS my stance on nudity. If Taylor actually did become a surgeon would she yell at him every time he did a surgery? She needs to get used to seeing naked people imo and she doesnt understand that. Shes keeping her distance from me but is still talking to Taylor which is a bit hypocritical to me since he also had a part in this. Its not like he objected and he was cool with it. Honestly I feel like if she can see Taylors side she can see mine and shes just insecure about me taking her boyfriend (even though I have no interest in that) I dont think I did anything wrong but if I did Ill talk to her. AITA?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YTA. No other girl likes that girl and the guys only like her for the tits. Other people view the body differently. Yta didnt matter that you didnt think it was sexual.  You took you shirt off in front a friends boyfriend.   She wasnt even there. How do you not realize how shitty and bad that looks? Yes YTA. The fact that you dont have an issue with it doesnt mean the rest of the world sees it that way. Save it for an appropriate venue. YTA its great youre comfortable with your body but how can you think that taking your shirt off in front of someones boyfriend? You werent even getting changed you just did it to show off. Thats a little past friendly behaviour and I think you know it. YTA. It sounds like you weren't respecting his boundaries and also it seems odd to do this when you could easily guess your friend would be upset YTA big time. I don't care about how much you wish there wasn't a stigma there is and you know about it. YTA.I love how you trying to make this girl look insecure when you are the one who took off your shirt to prove some no point but to gained attention. I'm sure you wanting this man to stare and drool over you. Do your roommate a favor and move out. Also be a decent human being and apologize. Are you single? I bet you wanting to steal her man. NTA. Their hangups. Not yours. My (19F) grandma never made a will and that's what the big issue is.Before my grandma died she always told my brother and I that she wanted the house to go to us. To inherit. Because she didn't my aunt her next of kin got the house.She's been the homeowner for years and my mom and I have been paying her rent the whole time.My mom just died a month ago today and my aunt told me she was going to sell the house. If she does my brother and I will be separated. My brother is all I have other than 2 aunts and a grandpa that lives hours away.I know it's not written but she knew my grandma wanted us to have a place to live when we grew up for us to have a head start. At the very least why can't she just let us rent from her? Is that too much to ask?I would absolutely continue paying rent and utility bills and I can. I've budgeted and with the income  money I have saved we can afford 13 months. I've never had a job but I've already applied to a few places. I am not a leech never have been never will be. I'll work hard to stay here if I can.Is it wrong of me to be mad at my aunt for doing this? I know it's her right as it's her house it's in her name and everything but doesn't it feel selfish of her? Is it just me?She doesn't want the house because she "doesn't want to deal with it" and that's fine. I'm not mad about that. It's because I believe she wants to sell it because she wants the money and with it she can move away.. which is what she wants. I think my mom was the only thing anchoring her here and now that she's dead she can leave. AITA in this situation? Am I being selfish? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NAH  its unfortunate your grandma never made a will. However your aunt can do what she wishes with the house since shes the owner. NTA. However without a will your aunt is free to do what she wants with the property. I understand how you feel and yeah its really crummy of your aunt to do this to you but at the end of the day she's probably going to do what she wants regardless of you. I'm sorry you are going through this. Theres a lot to factor into this especially if you live in the usa youre not the asshole for your feelings tho and Im sorry youve had all the loss and losing the house too Question if you can afford to pay her rent couldnt you pay rent somewhere else and your brother stays with you? Houses do require upkeep and if she wants to move away its kind of hard to say she cant. NAH.   Sad situation.  You could always ask a lawyer if you have any comeback but I wouldn't get my hopes up.  You could always ask the NEW owners if they will rent the property to you (assuming the new owners buy it as an investment property rather than to live in themselves).  Since you can afford rent and utility bills your energy might be better spent finding another place to rent. Super sucky situation...Hopefully your mom had life insurance if so maybe you and your brother can use that money to buy the house from your aunt? Not exactly what your great grandmother envisioned but will keep it in the family at least. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)My (19F) grandma never made a will and that's what the big issue is.Before my grandma died she always told my brother and I that she wanted the house to go to us. To inherit. Because she didn't my aunt her next of kin got the house.She's been the homeowner for years and my mom and I have been paying her rent the whole time.My mom just died a month ago today and my aunt told me she was going to sell the house. If she does my brother and I will be separated. My brother is all I have other than 2 aunts and a grandpa that lives hours away.I know it's not written but she knew my grandma wanted us to have a place to live when we grew up for us to have a head start. At the very least why can't she just let us rent from her? Is that too much to ask?I would absolutely continue paying rent and utility bills and I can. I've budgeted and with the income  money I have saved we can afford 13 months. I've never had a job but I've already applied to a few places. I am not a leech never have been never will be. I'll work hard to stay here if I can.Is it wrong of me to be mad at my aunt for doing this? I know it's her right as it's her house it's in her name and everything but doesn't it feel selfish of her? Is it just me?She doesn't want the house because she "doesn't want to deal with it" and that's fine. I'm not mad about that. It's because I believe she wants to sell it because she wants the money and with it she can move away.. which is what she wants. I think my mom was the only thing anchoring her here and now that she's dead she can leave. AITA in this situation? Am I being selfish?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Would your aunt consider selling you the house? INFO was your mom not partial owner? YTA slightly. Its her house and if she wants to sell it she can. I (F26) know what everyone will be assuming the conflict is about (that he (M26) didn't know insects were going to be involved in the recipe and he's disgusted by the idea and thinks I should have told him) but it's nothing to do with that at all. I love ants. I think they are fascinating. I could fill the whole post up just being a giant nerd about them (did you know there are subfamilies of Formicidae that exist today have barely changed in 200 million years?!) so there's some context about me. I also keep a few different colonies as a hobby. The other day I thought I'd try out an egg dish that called for ants as an ingredient. My colonies are all well established to the point where considering enclosure space is always something to be mindful about so basically it was doing the colony no harm to scoop up some to use in my cooking. My brother came into the kitchen and asked if he could have some of what I was cooking. I told him sure. I didn't think to mention the ants at this point. After he tried some and then looked closer he asked if there were ants in it. I told him that there was. He was completely fine with it! He made a comment about it being an interesting idea but they didn't really add much in his opinion. I agreed and said it wasn't a very strong taste but a good way to get more protein I guess!He asked to look at the packaging at which point I explained I hadn't bought them that they were from one of the habitats upstairs. This is the point he started freaking out. He got very emotional and said that it was like I had fed him the family pet rabbit or something. That he loved those ants and he has nicknames for them (obviously there is no way you can really tell any ant from another like that you can pretend to for fun but....they're ants.) That it's like giving someone bacon they thought was bought from a store when it was from the pet pig etc. First off they're my ants. If I had a pet pig and wanted to slaughter it for meat just like tons of people who live on farms do that would be my choice. But to me that argument is just ridiculous on its face anyway. I know there's probably a lot of philosophy 101 people dying to say bUt ReAlLy wHaT iS tHe DiFfErEnCe but if you're honestly telling me you have the same reaction to someone stepping on an ant as you do watching a rabbit or a pig or a cat get crushed to death you're either lying or you're on some sort of spectrum. He's currently not talking to me and thinks AITA for cooking my 'pets'. Our sister also thinks AITA not because I cooked them (she agrees he's being ridiculously emotional about some ants) but because I didn't tell him there were ants in it before he ate (the one thing he doesn't even have a problem with!!). Obviously I'm outnumbered but I'm so baffled by both of their reactions I thought I'd ask Reddit to chime in. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. I cant even give you a judgement because Im still not sure what I just read NAH or very gentle YTA  Even though he turned out to be fine with it it probably would have been a good idea to notify him what was in the food. Also while he might overreact to some ants not everyone is the same and maybe he did actually care a little. That's not up to me or you to judge. While the fact they were your ants does give you the right to eat then it doesn't mean he can't care for them or that he doesn't want to eat them.You use bacon as an example but if my friend had a pig in a farm that I liked and then they suddenly fed me it I might not be all that happy about it.You should just have told him these things before he ate it IMO YTA if your family doesn't typically eat ants you should have warned him first. YTA. You dont give people food with an unusual ingredient in it and dont tell them what it is. YTA! I know they're just ants and that they're yours but they are things that you were caring for in your house! I don't think your brother is lying about feeling upset by it. He's trying to explain how he feels by talking about the pet pig and you're ignoring him!Yes they're yours. Yes you have every right to cook with them if you choose. No that's not wrong. What's wrong is that you didn't warn him that he was going to be eating something that he had potentially bonded with emotionally. Yes that makes you the asshole! AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)I (F26) know what everyone will be assuming the conflict is about (that he (M26) didn't know insects were going to be involved in the recipe and he's disgusted by the idea and thinks I should have told him) but it's nothing to do with that at all. I love ants. I think they are fascinating. I could fill the whole post up just being a giant nerd about them (did you know there are subfamilies of Formicidae that exist today have barely changed in 200 million years?!) so there's some context about me. I also keep a few different colonies as a hobby. The other day I thought I'd try out an egg dish that called for ants as an ingredient. My colonies are all well established to the point where considering enclosure space is always something to be mindful about so basically it was doing the colony no harm to scoop up some to use in my cooking. My brother came into the kitchen and asked if he could have some of what I was cooking. I told him sure. I didn't think to mention the ants at this point. After he tried some and then looked closer he asked if there were ants in it. I told him that there was. He was completely fine with it! He made a comment about it being an interesting idea but they didn't really add much in his opinion. I agreed and said it wasn't a very strong taste but a good way to get more protein I guess!He asked to look at the packaging at which point I explained I hadn't bought them that they were from one of the habitats upstairs. This is the point he started freaking out. He got very emotional and said that it was like I had fed him the family pet rabbit or something. That he loved those ants and he has nicknames for them (obviously there is no way you can really tell any ant from another like that you can pretend to for fun but....they're ants.) That it's like giving someone bacon they thought was bought from a store when it was from the pet pig etc. First off they're my ants. If I had a pet pig and wanted to slaughter it for meat just like tons of people who live on farms do that would be my choice. But to me that argument is just ridiculous on its face anyway. I know there's probably a lot of philosophy 101 people dying to say bUt ReAlLy wHaT iS tHe DiFfErEnCe but if you're honestly telling me you have the same reaction to someone stepping on an ant as you do watching a rabbit or a pig or a cat get crushed to death you're either lying or you're on some sort of spectrum. He's currently not talking to me and thinks AITA for cooking my 'pets'. Our sister also thinks AITA not because I cooked them (she agrees he's being ridiculously emotional about some ants) but because I didn't tell him there were ants in it before he ate (the one thing he doesn't even have a problem with!!). Obviously I'm outnumbered but I'm so baffled by both of their reactions I thought I'd ask Reddit to chime in.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. I can understand why hed be upset. NAT YTA for dismissing his feelings. YTA. What the actual fuck OP. I just want to know what you were cooking that called for ants. NTA. Seems to me people are judging this by the title and not reading the whole post. Yta what in the hell YTA. You were like a cruel God to those ants. They were your people and you failed to support and protect them. They probably have little altars with your image and stuff and you failed to heed their prayers. YTA just dont feed people something theyre not expecting. So I (m16) started dating this girl (f18 who I shall call A) when I was 14 and she was 16 it has been a great relationship and she has been an amazing gf. Now my Mum was against me having a gf. Now recently I dicided to tell Mum that I am going out with A now this caused a major fight a between us and I am seriously considering moving (legally I can where I live) especially because this is not the first time this has happened. So reddit WIBTA if I moved out of my parents house?(edit) the reason my parents don't want me to date A is because she Is Muslim.I have a place to go and I wouldn't permanatly move out this would be for a month at most. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. This isn't the kind of thing I can properly comment on with so little information. I don't know a thing about your relationship with your parents beyond this argument; I don't know why your folks don't want you to have a girlfriend or to be with this girl in particular; I don't know what else you've done to prove you are/are not capable of moving out and living on your own; and so on and so forth. I don't think you should be trusting Reddit with such an important decision. But at the very least you could give us some context for why you feel this way. I hope you have a backup plan for when you break up. INFO this is very vague YTA. Sounds like a bad plan AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)So I (m16) started dating this girl (f18 who I shall call A) when I was 14 and she was 16 it has been a great relationship and she has been an amazing gf. Now my Mum was against me having a gf. Now recently I dicided to tell Mum that I am going out with A now this caused a major fight a between us and I am seriously considering moving (legally I can where I live) especially because this is not the first time this has happened. So reddit WIBTA if I moved out of my parents house?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YTA. moving out with 0 plan cus "i have a place" is not mature or smart. 16 and 18 are very diff places in life and i wouldn't be surprised if you split then what?also many parents dislike their kids bf/gfs its very dramatic for you to move out? INFO: Are you sure it's just the cultural difference? Which is a HUGE difference  depending on your location. But also  ages. She might think it's a 'red flag' that you're dating someone two years older than you (and a legal adult) at your age. NTA.. nope move out.. set yourself free.. pay your own bills and buy your own food... paying rent will be a gift so you can just live the life you choose on your own terms... move out fast though while you still know everything... YTA. The fact that your having this I credibly childish reaction just shows that you arent mature enough to love on your own. Start packing...go now... make sure you kick in for all your living expenses...dont go home dude.. stand tall and proud as a man on your own two feet.. damn mothers got no clue .. lolol.. when you move out your mom will be able to do more stuff for herself.. and you can be a grown up.. EVERYBODY WINS.. lololol.. her age may be the issue for your mom.. but what does she know.. I (16F) own two dogs (one male one female) the relative in question lets call her T (27F) has a male dog. My family allowed T to move in with us since she lost her job she doesnt have to pay rent but does some chores to live here. We allowed Ts dog to move in as well. Lately our female dog has been very popular among the males making the male dogs seem like they are in heat. Our little girl has been very aggressive and avoids the males  snarling and even attacking every time they come close refusing to mate. Therefore we got our male dog neutered and he has been doing great since then.T wanted to satisfy her dogs own desires (lately he has been trying to mate with our dog following her around sniffing her rear end etc.). When I was making breakfast T secretly took my dog away for HER DOG TO MATE WITH. I came out and was very shocked my dog looked super unhappy but T was gripping her body firmly so she had to stay in place while Ts dog did his thing. She couldnt wiggle free until I went to help her. My girl is usually super happy and energetic but after this whole situation she was seemingly tired and didnt even smile or play around like usual. T was mad because her dog wasnt done yet.I was extremely concerned because my dog had been through 3 pregnancies already and the vet had said her body is getting weaker  any more babies and its going to be bad for her (last time she didnt have any milk for the puppies and she is also getting a bit old).I understand that T wanted to make her dog happy but doing this was absolutely disgusting and horrifying. I yelled at her and told her she shouldnt have done it  especially without consent like that and considering that SHE KNOWS my dog cannot risk having more babies. Ive been avoiding her since refusing to help her to do anything she asks for. She said her dog needed to get it out of his system and I was being inconsiderate. She also argued that it was all natural and even seemed to think it was a fun joke because she kept laughing about the whole matter. This pained me a lot since she wouldnt take it seriously. I know mating is a regular part of animal life but what she did in my opinion was 100 not natural given that my dog did not want to participate. I told my parents and they agreed with me. They said that if she causes any trouble again they will not let her live here any more. We did tell her before to get her dog neutered there are several benefits to this (not just about mating) and she refused so now that her dog has a sexual desire were even more annoyed at her. Now shes mad since I supposedly made everyone think badly of her and turn against her. I think I may be the asshole for this  after all we are the people she depends for food and shelter. Did I take it too far and AITA?Edit: some people are talking about how we forced her through all the pregnancies so I wanted to clarify that we adopted her and those all happened before we started to care for her. Thank you.Edit 2: I think I already mentioned this in the comments we got her spayed this morning. I am asking people at the shelter for photos of her with the puppies she had  please wait for the puppy tax.Edit 3: https://ibb.co/Sxqn05R (puppy tax) this is the only photo they had (you can see the puppys leg) Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA take your dog to the vet have her spade make your idiot rude despicable cruel cousin pay for it. NTA.Holy shit. She set her dog up to rape your dog and then got offended that you stopped her? Honestly your parents are lenient as hell for not kicking her out especially considering that it could've killed your dog (If she's no longer producing milk her body's damn done with puppies.) and she thought it was funny to allow her dog to sexually torture your dog. Keep her away from your dog. If she's done it once and faced no real consequences there's a decided chance of repeat offenses. NTA. Y sounds like a horrible person. NTA. T crossed a line and with your dogs health concerns there is no doubt that she should be protected. Watch your animal around T from now on because its very serious that they didn't see what they had done as wrong. NTA. T literally raped your dog. all mating needs to be consensual (aka owners permission). this honestly shows how she feels about humans and T is a terrible person. im so sorry for your poor girl NTA and talk to a vet about getting her spayed. They can do it even if she's pregnant (gravid spay). NTA your relative is disgusting. Dogs basically choose if they want to mate when in heat and who they want to mate with. This was forced. PS beautiful Pom  NTA. When the pressure builds again tell Auntie to relieve the dog herself. Just get a damn pillow for him to hump. Dogs need to learn to satisfy these needs alone. ESH. Look what T did was a major AH move but how is it that you adopted a dog whose body couldnt handle another pregnancy and then not spay her. And then house her with male dogs. It sounds like she was constantly fending them off as you said being aggressive and snarling. What a horrible situation for that poor baby! ESHYour aunt is 95 the asshole for her reprehensible behavior and not getting her dog neutered. I wouldnt blame you for cutting her off. That being said 5 goes to you and your family for not spaying your dog. If shes already gone through three pregnancies and another will severely endanger her health wouldnt it make sense to her spayed? ESH  while your cousin is the bigger asshole by far your family comes a close second for not getting your female dog spayed. Especially after she had three litters and in your words is too weak to go through another pregnancy.You should also get her fixed if her being in heat is going to risk her health. Although your cousin really beats your family in the asshole award. For helping her dog rape and copulate with yours.  If she wants her dog to hump something she can buy him a stuffed animal. She has no excuse to why she is allowing it to happen. I would be surprised if she's trying to get her pregnant to make puppies to sell. ESHT for what she did.You and your parents for NOT GETTING HER FIXED at the recommendation of the vet. That is seriously irresponsible and you don't deserve her. Shame on you. Had you gotten her fixed this wouldn't be an issue in the first place.Edited after finding out she had pregnancies before OP adopted her. ESH youre both horrible pet owners for not properly caring For your animals and having them altered.  Even worse you have forced your dog through at least 4 pregnancies.  Stop having pets until you can do so responsibly.Also your cousin is apparently okay with rape and shes an adult so shes much worse. ESH. Spay your fucking dog. ESH. All of these dogs should have been fixed long ago. You left your female dog who couldn't make it through another pregnancy around 2 intact males? Wtf is wrong with you? ESHYou bc your vet told you the dog probably cant handle anymore pregnancies but you left her unfixed? Your cousin much more than you as she is just straight up gross for what she did as well as an irresponsible pet owner. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)I (16F) own two dogs (one male one female) the relative in question lets call her T (27F) has a male dog. My family allowed T to move in with us since she lost her job she doesnt have to pay rent but does some chores to live here. We allowed Ts dog to move in as well. Lately our female dog has been very popular among the males making the male dogs seem like they are in heat. Our little girl has been very aggressive and avoids the males  snarling and even attacking every time they come close refusing to mate. Therefore we got our male dog neutered and he has been doing great since then.T wanted to satisfy her dogs own desires (lately he has been trying to mate with our dog following her around sniffing her rear end etc.). When I was making breakfast T secretly took my dog away for HER DOG TO MATE WITH. I came out and was very shocked my dog looked super unhappy but T was gripping her body firmly so she had to stay in place while Ts dog did his thing. She couldnt wiggle free until I went to help her. My girl is usually super happy and energetic but after this whole situation she was seemingly tired and didnt even smile or play around like usual. T was mad because her dog wasnt done yet.I was extremely concerned because my dog had been through 3 pregnancies already and the vet had said her body is getting weaker  any more babies and its going to be bad for her (last time she didnt have any milk for the puppies and she is also getting a bit old).I understand that T wanted to make her dog happy but doing this was absolutely disgusting and horrifying. I yelled at her and told her she shouldnt have done it  especially without consent like that and considering that SHE KNOWS my dog cannot risk having more babies. Ive been avoiding her since refusing to help her to do anything she asks for. She said her dog needed to get it out of his system and I was being inconsiderate. She also argued that it was all natural and even seemed to think it was a fun joke because she kept laughing about the whole matter. This pained me a lot since she wouldnt take it seriously. I know mating is a regular part of animal life but what she did in my opinion was 100 not natural given that my dog did not want to participate. I told my parents and they agreed with me. They said that if she causes any trouble again they will not let her live here any more. We did tell her before to get her dog neutered there are several benefits to this (not just about mating) and she refused so now that her dog has a sexual desire were even more annoyed at her. Now shes mad since I supposedly made everyone think badly of her and turn against her. Did I take it too far and AITA?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns.  I think I may be the asshole for this  after all we are the people she depends for food and shelter. ....No she is the asshole.  She chose the desires of her dog over your explicit instructions and the wellbeing of your own dog.  If she depends on you for food and shelter she should respect you and your dog.  And if everybody thinks badly of her and turns against her it's not because of you it's because they are judging her actions.  It's her fault they are judging her because she did something bad.  If she doesn't like having people dislike her she should take responsibility for her actions and recognize that actions have consequences.  If someone did that to one of my animals and disrespected me by doing it after I specifically told them not to that person would not be welcome in my house.  If they have nowhere to go that's unfortunate but it's their own fault for disrespecting the person who took them in. YTA for letting this psycho live with you. Seriously what gives? Kick the nutcase tf out. She literally raped a dog. (Holding someone down while another rapes them still makes you a rapist and it's not like her dog knows what consent is so she's the sole perpetrator.) Seriously wtf? This is messed up on all kinds of levels and she needs to git gone after which you should get an exorcist to cleanse your house ESH you should of had that dog spayed a long time ago and thats on you ESH. You should have had your dog spayed long before this happened. ESH  spay and neuter your pets and none of you will have an issue Same person from this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/hu58ri/aitafornotbuyingagiftcardformyfriend/?utmsourceshareutmmediumiosapputmnameiossmf) postSo about a couple days ago I was in my bedroom on my phone when i heard a knock on my window. I ignored it knowing it was my annoying neighbor which me and my mom have a very bad opinion on him because of how he acts. So i went to my kitchen and told my mom that my neighbor was knocking. She said to wait until he leaves. Around half an hour to 40 minutes passes by and he was knocking so hard it sounded like he was going to break my door. Me and my mom had pretty much been done with him so I open the door and tell him to go away and stop knocking. He then nearly cries and says "Damm can you atleast open the door?" So I just close the door and went back to my bedroom.Couple minutes later he comes back demanding that I should go play with him. At this point I was done with him and slam the door on him. AITA? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Info: this is happening repeatedly and hes a kid. Why cant you just talk to his parents and have them intervene? Are you going to post different versions of the same story every time he knocks on your door? YTA. It would be helpful if you'd just give us the information we need in the post rather than linking to other posts. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Same person from this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/hu58ri/aitafornotbuyingagiftcardformyfriend/?utmsourceshareutmmediumiosapputmnameiossmf) postSo about a couple days ago I was in my bedroom on my phone when i heard a knock on my window. I ignored it knowing it was my annoying neighbor which me and my mom have a very bad opinion on him because of how he acts. So i went to my kitchen and told my mom that my neighbor was knocking. She said to wait until he leaves. Around half an hour to 40 minutes passes by and he was knocking so hard it sounded like he was going to break my door. Me and my mom had pretty much been done with him so I open the door and tell him to go away and stop knocking. He then nearly cries and says "Damm can you atleast open the door?" So I just close the door and went back to my bedroom.Couple minutes later he comes back demanding that I should go play with him. At this point I was done with him and slam the door on him. AITA?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. INFOIt sounds like your kids. Tell him clearly a few times if needed that you won't do what he wants when he just starts banging on your window or door. Make him call or text if he wants to do something and then wait for your response. YTA for spamming this sub Throwaway for obvious reasonsSo my son(9M) recently had his birthday. Just for context my daughter who is an absolute gem is 6.So this whole debacle started when my son said he wanted a party. Obviously because of Covid we couldn't have many guests and I told him as such. He told me that was fine.However while we were planning this my daughter overheard that we were having guests and started to cry saying she wanted to have some friends over so of course I had to indulge her as it wouldn't be fair for her to be lonely the whole day. My son complained saying that now he couldn't invite as many but I told him he was being mean to his sister.Now because my daughter's friends were only 5 we also had to have a parent present as well so my son's list got reduced to 2 guests. My son whined about this but his sister needed to be accommodated as well.When we were deciding the cake my daughter chimed in and asked for a specific cake and my son said he "hated that cake" which is a lie. So because of this I ordered that cake.Now come to the actual party many of my son's friends had sent along some gifts with the 2 who were invited. My son was overjoyed that so many of his friends had still given him gifts even though they weren't invited. He had gotten a lot of money and a couple video games.When my daughter saw so many gifts going to my son she started to tear up and I couldn't bear to see her sad so I told my son to give her half of the birthday money. My son started to cry but I told him to grow up he was 9 years old and he needed to protect and care for his little sister.Now one of my son's friends are quite rich.Now they gifted my son a new computer and a desktop to boot. As expected my son gushed over it and my daughter was in shambles. I was furious at my son. He had deliberately made a big show of having a new monitor and computer which he could use for gaming.Later on. I told them that this computer and monitor was going to be shared and in the living room. My son immediately started to complain. I told him that if he continued the computer was going to go into her room and be her property for good.He continued to protest. I took the desktop and the monitor and set it up in my daughters room. This is where the shitshow begins my son had to go to school the next day and when people asked how the party was he apparently "dissolved into tears". Now before I heard about this I had posted a picture on facebook showing the new computer and monitor with my beautiful daughter smiling and my son crying. I posted it on facebook. Now people commented calling me a "btch" and a "favouring piece of sht"When my husband facetimed me and asked what happened I told him my son had tried to exclude my daughter and make her feel bad and deserved what he got. My husband then spoke to my son returned the phone to me and asked me to change my punishment.So reddit AITA? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. INFO Why do people like to make troll posts where they pretend to be child abusers? YTA obviously and possibly a troll Im assuming this is a troll but obviously YTA. YTA. You're blatantly favouring your daughter even here. What was wrong with allowing your daughter to have one friend come and keep her company? It's his money and his computer and deciding it's to be shared (and then put in her room) is just stealing. Give it back and apologise for being so crappy to him.I really hope you're trolling. I only read the first paragraph and a half you are the asshole your son deserved a party your daughter didnt need to have any friends there shes six shell get over it. Shes a gem remember? Only 3 paragraphs in and I can already say YTA. What a piece of crap. Like literal crap.You blatantly favor your daughter at every turn you steal your son's birthday presents you post his pain on the internet and you're surprised you're being blamed?You are a terrible parent and a horrible person. I hope  your husband leaves you and takes the kids. omg. YTAwow. i just. wow. if this is not trolling my heart breaks for your son. YTA  this whole thing was framed perfectly in the first sentences. My son is 9. Period. My daughter is 6 and shes an absolute gem. Favouritism much? Go away you obvious troll. YTA since this is an obvious bait post. No one would be stupid enough to be that bad of a parent. Your a failure of a parent. bro wtf you're a terrible parent. you are CLEARLY favoring your daughter on the day MEANT for your SON. it's HIS day and yet you decided to minimize his day instead of teaching your daughter not to whine. seriously wtf You could've tried better troll YTA. How is one so oblivious lolol. This is a joke right. So your son gets to invite 2 friends to HIS bday while his sister gets to invite 5 friends to HIS bday...Then you decide to steal half of the money and give that to his sister. After that you punish him for being excited about one of his gifts. And you even have the audacity to wonder whether you are an asshole....they don't come much bigger than you YTA. You are spoiling your daughter and teaching her that throwing a tantrum will get her everything she wants. Moreover even though it is your fault and not hers this will cause resentment from your son towards your daughter so you are screwing up their relationship as well. If she has her birthday does he get to invite friends does he get half the money? If not how can you justify saying that you are not showing favouritism How are you not yta. YTA. It was your sons birthday and you made the choice to let your daughter have her way instead of being the adult in the situation. Frankly the moment I saw you cal your daughter a "gem" I knew there was probably going to be blatant favoritism.I say that for your daughters birthday she should only her two guests. Or would that be unfair?Edit: rereading this I can't be on your side. Your squashed your son to make your daughter happy and instead of it being his day you made it about her. Very obvious a troll. Regardless if the story is fake or not YTA YTA. You are a terrible parent. It was your sons birthday not your daughters. She did not need to have any friends over. Aside from that all of the gifts should be for your son exclusively. On top of that your daughter is a brat that you need to learn to raise better. Yta Wow.. You might be the biggest asshole ever...You clearly showed favoritism for your daughter she is 6 and able to understand it is her brother's birthday and she will have hers in the year..You are building up resentment not obly between your children but also towards you. Your son will never forgrt his worst birthday ever... YTA. That is obvious favoritism. Your son will grow up to hate you and your daughter will grow up to be a spoiled brat who thinks crying will get her whatever she wants and that her needs trump the needs of others. You are a terrible parent and you need to make a change now before it gets any worse. I hope this is fake for the boy's sake. You cant be real.... yta YTA.  i am child free and don't like being around kids but even I feel bad for your son.  He needs a hug an apology and a new mother. Third attempt and you still are TA. YTA. I don't even have to read the other comments. There is no way to say this nicely. You favor tour daughter over your son. It was HIS birthday Not hers. I'm willing to het you won't do the same on her birthday. Invite one of her friends? Ok. Change the cake? Take away his presents? You are responsible for this shit show not your son. You definitely get jerk mother of the Year award for the way you handled this. Give him back his computer and his other presents. Apologize to him for choosing your daughter over him. If you don't be ready to face a lifetime of crap and probably no son in your future ( which from the way you wrote this would probably suit you fine. YTA you suck as a parent you suck as a person. You are a massive Asshole get over yourself and get help for your son who is clearly disliked by you. It's your sons birthday your daughter didn't need anyone over and she sure as hell shouldn't get any of his birthday gifts/money You suck If anyone's an angel here its your son for putting up with you and your daughter even slightly since he seems to get shafted in everything YTA what was he even being punished for? Being excited about a kickass gift? You made him share his birthday and Im betting when his sisters comes around hes going to be SOL as far as youre concerned. That poor kid... AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Throwaway for obvious reasonsSo my son(9M) recently had his birthday. Just for context my daughter who is an absolute gem is 6.So this whole debacle started when my son said he wanted a party. Obviously because of Covid we couldn't have many guests and I told him as such. He told me that was fine.However while we were planning this my daughter overheard that we were having guests and started to cry saying she wanted to have some friends over so of course I had to indulge her as it wouldn't be fair for her to be lonely the whole day. My son complained saying that now he couldn't invite as many but I told him he was being mean to his sister.Now because my daughter's friends were only 5 we also had to have a parent present as well so my son's list got reduced to 2 guests. My son whined about this but his sister needed to be accommodated as well.When we were deciding the cake my daughter chimed in and asked for a specific cake and my son said he "hated that cake" which is a lie. So because of this I ordered that cake.Now come to the actual party many of my son's friends had sent along some gifts with the 2 who were invited. My son was overjoyed that so many of his friends had still given him gifts even though they weren't invited. He had gotten a lot of money and a couple video games.When my daughter saw so many gifts going to my son she started to tear up and I couldn't bear to see her sad so I told my son to give her half of the birthday money. My son started to cry but I told him to grow up he was 9 years old and he needed to protect and care for his little sister.Now one of my son's friends are quite rich.Now they gifted my son a new computer and a desktop to boot. As expected my son gushed over it and my daughter was in shambles. I was furious at my son. He had deliberately made a big show of having a new monitor and computer which he could use for gaming.Later on. I told them that this computer and monitor was going to be shared and in the living room. My son immediately started to complain. I told him that if he continued the computer was going to go into her room and be her property for good.He continued to protest. I took the desktop and the monitor and set it up in my daughters room. This is where the shitshow begins my son had to go to school the next day and when people asked how the party was he apparently "dissolved into tears". Now before I heard about this I had posted a picture on facebook showing the new computer and monitor with my beautiful daughter smiling and my son crying. I posted it on facebook. Now people commented calling me a "btch" and a "favouring piece of sht"When my husband facetimed me and asked what happened I told him my son had tried to exclude my daughter and make her feel bad and deserved what he got. My husband then spoke to my son returned the phone to me and asked me to change my punishment.So reddit AITA?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. This is about more than scrunchies but because of human nature here we are. I (22f) live in my family home with my twin sisters (17f) for a couple more months while my mortgage paperwork is finalized. Since the very recent divorce my mom has really not taken well to being able to parent so any intersibling issues have to be resolved quietly and alone. I have a well paying job that requires a ton of odd hours and overtime from me so most of my fun money especially since coronavirus gets spent on self care items. In particular I really like fancy body wash expensive perfume makeup shoes and especially these genuine silk scrunchies because I can wear them at work and feel classy. Theyre the only personal item I can wear at work so I really really like to have them around.Lately I cant find any of my scrunchies anywhere. I ask my sister to borrow one of hers when we were going out in her open air Jeep and she hands me an unmistakable genuine silk scrunchie. These are expensive. 40/3 expensive. I got kind of upset with my sister and told her she absolutely cant have mistaken that scrunchie for one of hers. And she said no big deal and I have no room to talk because Ive taken hers before (she got a giant pack of 100 from eBay for 10). She doesnt have any sort of attachment to her scrunchies she leaves them all around the house and tosses them as soon as she doesnt like the style or color so I feel like its not the same. I also feel like the replacement cost difference is a factor here. AITA?? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. I kind of can't believe you're 22 and have to ask reddit how to handle this situation. But anyway NAH.You told your sister you didn't like what she was doing and asked her not to that's all you need to do. If it's such an issue just hide your scrunchies somewhere she can't find them. I mean did you try just asking for them back? If you guys have been sharing scrunchies all along she might not have meant you any harm. Just ask for them back. NAH. NAH scrunchies are kind of fair game among my siblings  we all steal each others'. Explain to her that yours cost 15 apiece and are work clothing and then keep your scrunchies in your room. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)This is about more than scrunchies but because of human nature here we are. I (22f) live in my family home with my twin sisters (17f) for a couple more months while my mortgage paperwork is finalized. Since the very recent divorce my mom has really not taken well to being able to parent so any intersibling issues have to be resolved quietly and alone. I have a well paying job that requires a ton of odd hours and overtime from me so most of my fun money especially since coronavirus gets spent on self care items. In particular I really like fancy body wash expensive perfume makeup shoes and especially these genuine silk scrunchies because I can wear them at work and feel classy. Theyre the only personal item I can wear at work so I really really like to have them around.Lately I cant find any of my scrunchies anywhere. I ask my sister to borrow one of hers when we were going out in her open air Jeep and she hands me an unmistakable genuine silk scrunchie. These are expensive. 40/3 expensive. I got kind of upset with my sister and told her she absolutely cant have mistaken that scrunchie for one of hers. And she said no big deal and I have no room to talk because Ive taken hers before (she got a giant pack of 100 from eBay for 10). She doesnt have any sort of attachment to her scrunchies she leaves them all around the house and tosses them as soon as she doesnt like the style or color so I feel like its not the same. I also feel like the replacement cost difference is a factor here. AITA??I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. The title of this one was so funny to me that I HAD to click on it and see for myself. NTA oh my word. Your teenage sisters are being brats. Hey all today I got on to play with some friends when my brother who I havent seen in 3 months invited me to play. I joined and they all reported me and blocked me and started harassing me. If I get banned from them reporting me I cant talk to my brother for several days. This story is not something that is rare at all. This kinda thing happens at least twice a week sometimes its them kicking me from the party or insulting me and just stuff like that. Im not soft so I say some stuff back and every time I do that the go on about how Im toxic and not fun to be around. Today kys was what I said. Probably over the top but I couldnt take their shit anymore. So yeah... let me know if Im an ass theyre asses or if were all asses. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Those people are abusing dumb toxic assholes. Man start recording and screen shorting their shit. The moment something serious happens you need to hit them right back ESH. I understand that they've pushed you to that point with their bullying but that's not OK to say to someone. Period. They're toxic people but if you play with pigs you will get muddy too. You're being pushed to the point that you're adopting their manners. Time to disconnect before it gets worse both for your sake and theirs. ESH. Do not tell people to kill themselves and do not listen to other commenters encouraging you to do so. Find another way to communicate with your brother. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Hey all today I got on to play with some friends when my brother who I havent seen in 3 months invited me to play. I joined and they all reported me and blocked me and started harassing me. If I get banned from them reporting me I cant talk to my brother for several days. This story is not something that is rare at all. This kinda thing happens at least twice a week sometimes its them kicking me from the party or insulting me and just stuff like that. Im not soft so I say some stuff back and every time I do that the go on about how Im toxic and not fun to be around. Today kys was what I said. Probably over the top but I couldnt take their shit anymore. So yeah... let me know if Im an ass theyre asses or if were all asses.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. No. You are absolutely not the asshole. I say the same shit to people who piss me off. I dont really mean it but I do say it when Im angry. They started it so they are the assholes. They're definitely AH's but I'm a firm believer that you should never tell someone to harm themselves. I'm someone who has suffered over half my life with suicidal tendencies and I've personally known 2 people who have done it. Don't drag yourself to their levels. If I were you I'd just block them all overall and never have contact with them again period. But never put that kind of negative karma into the world. ESH. That's not an okay joke though they're clearly worse people. Block them and move on. Okay so before we start I just want to say that there maybe some grammar/spelling mistakes in the post and I just want to apologize before we start.I am 14 years old and was playing games at the time my brother asked me if i could fill up his water bottle so I did what he asked and went downstairs. While I was pour some soda for him he was making jokes and messing around and I told him I dont really feel like joking around since i only woke up four hours ago. He turned to me and yelled Tough shit dont you turn 15 in 3 days grow up. And he ran up to his room. Walked up to his room gave him his water bottle and slammed his door on the way out just because I just knew he was gonna make some stupid joke about something and in my room he yelled Slam my door like that again and see what happens I have anger problems so I slam my closet door in anger so he walks in and turns my xbox off so that I have restart my console so I get even more mad and texted my mom but she hasnt done anything about it. So reddit am I the asshole? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Okay so before we start I just want to say that there maybe some grammar/spelling mistakes in the post and I just want to apologize before we start.I am 14 years old and was playing games at the time my brother asked me if i could fill up his water bottle so I did what he asked and went downstairs. While I was pour some soda for him he was making jokes and messing around and I told him I dont really feel like joking around since i only woke up four hours ago. He turned to me and yelled Tough shit dont you turn 15 in 3 days grow up. And he ran up to his room. Walked up to his room gave him his water bottle and slammed his door on the way out just because I just knew he was gonna make some stupid joke about something and in my room he yelled Slam my door like that again and see what happens I have anger problems so I slam my closet door in anger so he walks in and turns my xbox off so that I have restart my console so I get even more mad and texted my mom but she hasnt done anything about it. So reddit am I the asshole?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA your brother is really sensitive if you ask me. He needs to grow up. So I've recently just turned 18 and my parents want to kick me out. I've been looking for a job for months but BC of covid it's been hard. My parents especially mother don't think that's an excuse and had been constantly berating me because 'trying is not good enough'. Over the past few years our relationship has gotten worse; although it has never been good enough to get me kicked out of the house onto the street multiple times. Always been told by them that im a junkie(I only smoke weed occasionally) been told I'm never doing well enough my sisters are more successful ect. Anyway we got into an argument yesterday because I went out for a few drinks w friends (i have savings) and they started screaming I'm an alcoholic (only drink ab twice a week   wasn't smashed) and other hurtful shit about the past. After sitting there for a while I couldn't take it anymore and i said I hate them and to not worry I'd be moving out as soon as I can to which my mum said that is a common saying of mine and doesn't mean shit. I responded by saying that may be true but I am finally done and I do not love her. I also mentioned that after moving out I will cut all contact with them.AITA for saying this and planning to cut contact? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. "The (blood) of the covenant (is thicker than) the (water) of the womb" is a true saying... and the original saying.Your family are toxic for you. That may change with distance but right now... no. You're NTA.Been there myself. NTA. Your parents sound abusive and any emotion that you feel or don't feel toward them is valid. They've kicked you out multiple times and you don't need to be out on the street during this. Do you have any friends who could let you stay with them until you get on your feet? Getting away from them sounds like it would be good for your mental health. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)So I've recently just turned 18 and my parents want to kick me out. I've been looking for a job for months but BC of covid it's been hard. My parents especially mother don't think that's an excuse and had been constantly berating me because 'trying is not good enough'. Over the past few years our relationship has gotten worse; although it has never been good enough to get me kicked out of the house onto the street multiple times. Always been told by them that im a junkie(I only smoke weed occasionally) been told I'm never doing well enough my sisters are more successful ect. Anyway we got into an argument yesterday because I went out for a few drinks w friends (i have savings) and they started screaming I'm an alcoholic (only drink ab twice a week   wasn't smashed) and other hurtful shit about the past. After sitting there for a while I couldn't take it anymore and i said I hate them and to not worry I'd be moving out as soon as I can to which my mum said that is a common saying of mine and doesn't mean shit. I responded by saying that may be true but I am finally done and I do not love her. I also mentioned that after moving out I will cut all contact with them.AITA for saying this and planning to cut contact?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YTA sorry but saying you only smoke weed occasionally isn't giving off a good picture here maybe if you weren't going out drinking and breaking the law (assuming u live somewhere it's illegal) then maybe you wouldn't be called a junkie. Also during covid it has made any shop assistant position easy to get into it's not gotten harder if ur getting a basic job so saying that it's harder is absolute crap. If you're not working and smoking weed with friends then of course it'll end in an argument. Telling them you don't love them is cruel and hurts as a parent. They are probably not showing it well but they're just looking out for you. Grow up  get off reddit and find a job then you'll gain some respect from your parents. You sound a lot like me when I turned 18. I actually moved out and into my friends place during the middle of my senior year and cut contact with my mom and stepdad. It felt amazing to walk out. I ended up moving back in and had more fights with my parents similar to yours. My parents forced me to apply to 10 jobs a day at one point and I quickly ran out of places to apply to (which I would laugh about in their faces).  Im 24 now and my relationship with my parents has been better than I ever imagined. I went my whole life fantasizing about going no contact and starting a family that they would never know and now Im dead set on moving back to my shitty home county because I cant imagine raising a family without them. I havent lived at home for over a year and have done a lot of growing and talking with my parents. They really just wanted the best for me and didnt know how to help me and it put us at odds because I didnt like what they had to say and they didnt like what I was doing (or what they thought I was doing). You might genuinely feel that you hate them right now and thats valid. You can go no contact with them just please dont let your pride or a grudge get in the way if you do want to get back into contact. I obviously dont know you or your family but to me it sounds like they love you and dont know how to help you or relate to you. ESH. Your mother shouldnt have yelled at you and you shouldnt have yelled back. Screaming at one another isnt productive.I dont think you would be wrong for scaling back contact with your parents. Youll be busy starting your adult life anyway. Keep in mind that family relationships especially parent/child relationships change over time. You may find that tensions with your mother ease once youve gotten your own place.I have to say I dont think smoking marijuana is good and I think drinking twice a week is a bit much. At 18 is it even legal for you to drink where you live? Is marijuana legal? Because if its not I can understand that your parents dont want illegal activity in their home. That could get them in trouble. I was working as a waiter in a hotel. I had two men approach me at breakfast service and one of them asked me is breakfast paid for? I assumed they meant does the hotel pay for this so I said no. Later on when i brought them the bill they gave me the stink eye and walked up to me slammed a penny on the counter and angrily said listen to your people next time. I was really flustered and tried to explain what I said and the other man screamed NO YOU DIDNT. YOURE DONE. and they both stormed off. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA I don't think you even misled them. They are the assholes for escalating this in such a rude and ridiculous manner. I'm sorry you had to deal with that. Were they asking if it was part of the room rate? I don't really understand this story but you don't seem to have done anything wrong.  NTA. NTA My Guy. This Was A simple fail in communication from both sides. This would be a NAH but considering their reaction to it... There's an asshole Here. Aint you tho op NTA. I bet they intentionally phrased it like that to justify their later dine  dash. Sounds like scammers to me. NTA it was an innocent mistake. INFO: What did they mean? AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)I was working as a waiter in a hotel. I had two men approach me at breakfast service and one of them asked me is breakfast paid for? I assumed they meant does the hotel pay for this so I said no. Later on when i brought them the bill they gave me the stink eye and walked up to me slammed a penny on the counter and angrily said listen to your people next time. I was really flustered and tried to explain what I said and the other man screamed NO YOU DIDNT. YOURE DONE. and they both stormed off.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. So my dad and me have pretty much had a strained relationship after our anger issues that we both had and constantly butting heads.So I havent been visiting my dad because of work so my brother decided to go visit him.The thing is my dad is so irresponsible I had broken bones because I was told to do something that I was incapable of doing something that he needed me to do without his help (loading logs on a truck at 13 lead to a broken leg)So when my brother left my mom asked me why I was upset.I said I really dont trust dad with himMy mom said that I worry too much and that I shouldnt think so little of my dad.AITA? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. What is the conflict? It doesnt seem like anything happened other than a conversation NAH Your mom wasn't supportive which would have been better but I wouldn't call her response asshole either. You have your view and you are entitled to it. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)So my dad and me have pretty much had a strained relationship after our anger issues that we both had and constantly butting heads.So I havent been visiting my dad because of work so my brother decided to go visit him.The thing is my dad is so irresponsible I had broken bones because I was told to do something that I was incapable of doing something that he needed me to do without his help (loading logs on a truck at 13 lead to a broken leg)So when my brother left my mom asked me why I was upset.I said I really dont trust dad with himMy mom said that I worry too much and that I shouldnt think so little of my dad.AITA?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. how old is your brother hey reddit! im a long time lurker and new poster and im also on mobile so sorry lol! this is my throwaway acct just incase this friend finds this. also sorry my title isnt that good but please read!!so ive (19f) known a good friend of mine (B 17m) for about 5/6 years now and hes pretty much like a little brother to me. a couple years ago he started smoking a bit and i told him i didnt really care that much as long as he was safe. lately hes been going camping with some of mine and my bfs (19m) friends who some of which are recovering addicts and pot heads. recently B took up an interest in Oxys and we all (7 of us) told him explicitly NOT to do them. well tonight he came to me and told me that he did 10mg of Oxy and i blew up on him and got really mad and basically he blamed it on me saying that im not him and i cant choose what he does. i straight up told him why i was mad and also the fact that my cousin almost died from oxy. he continued to get mad at me so i ranted to my bf and a friend who told him not to do the oxy. well B got pissed off about that and basically told me to go fck myself. so reddit AITA for getting mad that he did oxy and telling 2 people who are close to him about it?edit: quick update i blocked him on discord where the whole convo went down then he sent me a snapchat of the whole im sorry you were right i wont do it again. story and i would believe it but hes done that stuff before so im not sure about this time Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)hey reddit! im a long time lurker and new poster and im also on mobile so sorry lol! this is my throwaway acct just incase this friend finds this. also sorry my title isnt that good but please read!!so ive (19f) known a good friend of mine (B 17m) for about 5/6 years now and hes pretty much like a little brother to me. a couple years ago he started smoking a bit and i told him i didnt really care that much as long as he was safe. lately hes been going camping with some of mine and my bfs (19m) friends who some of which are recovering addicts and pot heads. recently B took up an interest in Oxys and we all (7 of us) told him explicitly NOT to do them. well tonight he came to me and told me that he did 10mg of Oxy and i blew up on him and got really mad and basically he blamed it on me saying that im not him and i cant choose what he does. i straight up told him why i was mad and also the fact that my cousin almost died from oxy. he continued to get mad at me so i ranted to my bf and a friend who told him not to do the oxy. well B got pissed off about that and basically told me to go fck myself. so reddit AITA for getting mad that he did oxy and telling 2 people who are close to him about it?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YTA. Not for being mad or having feelings on the matter but for blowing up at him and telling others about it. It sounds like you love him (platonically) so if you're worried from that standpoint you need to try to show it that way. Being aggressive about it will only push him away. For context I (20M) just want to explain that my mother is not a native English speaker but has lived in the US for more than 20 years. I was not born there either but grew up and speak English as my first language. I also have been diagnosed with ADHD and potentially might be on the ASD spectrum but that part is not diagnosed hence unknown and not as important. With me having ADHD though I tend to over explain when I talk focus only on subjects I tend to be interested in or just have no control or focus on multiple subjects so I get off topic so easily. Additionally I tend to blurt stuff out and interrupt often though I really try not to because it's rude. It's so difficult to control the social aspect of my symptoms which is why it is so hard for me to carry a conversation. Now my mom knows I have ADHD in fact she was the one who forced my family to get me diagnosed. She is neurotypical though and would complain how having a "neurodivergent child" drove her crazy. I remember she could constantly compare me to neurotypical "nice kids" who were more quiet and calm versus me who was not. I am not a parent of children of any kind so I don't have the experience to say that it's not hard to take care of children neurotypical or not. I'm sure it caused her a lot of stress and I don't want to discredit her for that but she always preaches about how life is so much harder for her because she took care of someone with a disorder than not living with a disorder. Because of my symptoms being maybe seen as rude to people who don't know the specifics of ADHD it probably drove her crazy as she never had another person to talk about the frustrations of dealing with my symptoms. (My father also has ADHD so he also drives her crazy). Now the main issue is my mother REFUSES to talk to me about certain subjects I want to share (Like things I learned at school cartoons and whatnot) which makes me feel a bit sad since I see a lot of my peers sharing their hobbies or likes with their parents of course I don't see them 24/7 but it seems pretty normal to want to discuss things like that with your parents. However whenever she wants to tell me about things she's interested in such as conspiracy theories (like evolution is fake and the illuminati is real kind of stuff) or spiritual philosophy or just things she found on the internet she forces me to listen. Today I was super fatigued and didn't want to really talk but I saw a post on instagram I thought was funny and showed it to her and my mistake was that I didn't realize it'll make her get into a conversation. She started to ramble about it and then I said "I didn't want to make this a huge conversation I just wanted to show it to you thats all" which got her super angry. She started screaming at me the casual "f u" and called me a jerk. Was it wrong of me to do that? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)For context I (20M) just want to explain that my mother is not a native English speaker but has lived in the US for more than 20 years. I was not born there either but grew up and speak English as my first language. I also have been diagnosed with ADHD and potentially might be on the ASD spectrum but that part is not diagnosed hence unknown and not as important. With me having ADHD though I tend to over explain when I talk focus only on subjects I tend to be interested in or just have no control or focus on multiple subjects so I get off topic so easily. Additionally I tend to blurt stuff out and interrupt often though I really try not to because it's rude. It's so difficult to control the social aspect of my symptoms which is why it is so hard for me to carry a conversation. Now my mom knows I have ADHD in fact she was the one who forced my family to get me diagnosed. She is neurotypical though and would complain how having a "neurodivergent child" drove her crazy. I remember she could constantly compare me to neurotypical "nice kids" who were more quiet and calm versus me who was not. I am not a parent of children of any kind so I don't have the experience to say that it's not hard to take care of children neurotypical or not. I'm sure it caused her a lot of stress and I don't want to discredit her for that but she always preaches about how life is so much harder for her because she took care of someone with a disorder than not living with a disorder. Because of my symptoms being maybe seen as rude to people who don't know the specifics of ADHD it probably drove her crazy as she never had another person to talk about the frustrations of dealing with my symptoms. (My father also has ADHD so he also drives her crazy). Now the main issue is my mother REFUSES to talk to me about certain subjects I want to share (Like things I learned at school cartoons and whatnot) which makes me feel a bit sad since I see a lot of my peers sharing their hobbies or likes with their parents of course I don't see them 24/7 but it seems pretty normal to want to discuss things like that with your parents. However whenever she wants to tell me about things she's interested in such as conspiracy theories (like evolution is fake and the illuminati is real kind of stuff) or spiritual philosophy or just things she found on the internet she forces me to listen. Today I was super fatigued and didn't want to really talk but I saw a post on instagram I thought was funny and showed it to her and my mistake was that I didn't realize it'll make her get into a conversation. She started to ramble about it and then I said "I didn't want to make this a huge conversation I just wanted to show it to you thats all" which got her super angry. She started screaming at me the casual "f u" and called me a jerk. Was it wrong of me to do that?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA.  Run away from home. Nta it is totally okay if you were fatigued (mentally or physically) I would just suggest maybe next time save it and then show her in the morning so you dont have to deal with her bitterness. My sister did meth and drank heavily while pregnant and now her son is 4 and cant speak or potty train properly and she said shed rather have aborted him. Part of my family supports my cutting her out and another part is delusional saying I should support her views. AM I THE ASSHOLE? seriously mods please dont make me write it again I just want advice Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. this is not an advice sub. NAH but I think you should reconsider your decision. While it may be unpleasant to be around your sister understandably I suggest you try to stomach her for the sake of getting to be around your nephew. Your sister sounds pretty neglectful and the little guy is going to need a responsible adult to look out for him as hes growing up. INFO: did she use after she knew she was pregnant? When she found out she was pregnant was it too late for an abortion? AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)My sister did meth and drank heavily while pregnant and now her son is 4 and cant speak or potty train properly and she said shed rather have aborted him. Part of my family supports my cutting her out and another part is delusional saying I should support her views. AM I THE ASSHOLE? seriously mods please dont make me write it again I just want adviceI am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA sisters an asshole for making shitty selfish decisions that will forever have side effects on her son. Stay in Your nephews life he will need you. ESH. Your sister is definitely an asshole. What she said (and the harm she caused her son) was horrible. As much as you might hate her for her views you shouldnt cut her out of your life. Your nephew will need the extra support since your sister sucks. INFO  What did she ever do to you that you want to cut her off? Addiction is a disease and she needs help. ESH to be honest.  You sister is obviously problematic and I feel cutting her out of your life is just taking the easy way out  if you don't see her then you don't have to confront how problematic she is.  But if you know that she has drug/alcohol problems then it is concerning that you cutting her out might end up with less eyes on this poor kid who may need help.Your sister is definitely an asshole  for taking drugs/alcohol while pregnant and for saying things like that.  The kid might have some issues (we don't know how many) but that doesn't mean that they are not feeling the lack of love from her.  She probably should have chosen an abortion.  Or given him up  he might have had a better mother/family then.  Poor kid. Shitty reason to cut your nephew out of your life. YTA. My mom owns 2 huskies that aren't really taken care of. They get food and water but other than that they aren't cared for. We also live in the south and they're kept outside until they're barking to be let in. They aren't taken to groomers and they also have fleas but she doesn't take any action to get rid of the fleas. They aren't taken for walks or played with like at all and she didn't even bother to get them trained in anyway when they were younger. I don't really interact with them either but thats because I'm kinda scared or them because the older one has sort of bit me and has snapped at others. Recently something happened where my older sister said to her that she has to get rid of them but its been four days and I don't think my mom has done anything. She's just trying to pretend nothing happened. I had told her she should get rid of them so they can have a better life but she doesn't listen to me. So now I'm thinking about doing something about it but I'm worried about the consequences. Theyre not bad dogs and I think they deserve better than this. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. Those are rough conditions for dogs as smart/active as huskies. Get them out of there if you can. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)My mom owns 2 huskies that aren't really taken care of. They get food and water but other than that they aren't cared for. We also live in the south and they're kept outside until they're barking to be let in. They aren't taken to groomers and they also have fleas but she doesn't take any action to get rid of the fleas. They aren't taken for walks or played with like at all and she didn't even bother to get them trained in anyway when they were younger. I don't really interact with them either but thats because I'm kinda scared or them because the older one has sort of bit me and has snapped at others. Recently something happened where my older sister said to her that she has to get rid of them but its been four days and I don't think my mom has done anything. She's just trying to pretend nothing happened. I had told her she should get rid of them so they can have a better life but she doesn't listen to me. So now I'm thinking about doing something about it but I'm worried about the consequences. Theyre not bad dogs and I think they deserve better than this.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. I can't tell you what legal answer is but I can tell you what I would do. I would rehome them. But you need to make sure you can find someone who can responsibly care for them. Someone who knows up front what their issues are so they are prepared for the potential for having to train two large adult dogs on how to be a pet. I would recommend reaching out to some smaller rescues and seeing if they can help. I wonder if you did all of the work and all it came down to was your mom signing over her legal ownership if she would be willing to. Nah NTA. I'd call a reputable shelter (those exist in the south right?) to get them and then report her for animal neglect. NTA depending on how you go about it. Honestly you should probably call animal protective services. Im going to start with some background on the situation. My older brother and SIL wanted to rent a apartment so he can move out together. (SIL still lives with her parents also) They are both 20. When COVID hit they couldnt find a apartment. My SIL parents want her to move out so she is gonna move in until they get a apartment. My parents want me to give up my room to let her have a bed. I said no and they said Im disappointed in you for that choice. We all have to make choices for a greater good but what good is me getting kick out of my room and having to sleep on a couch for a couple months. Im the only one out of my family being asked to leave my room my other siblings havent be told or asked anything. Should I give up my space for my SIL and force me to have to sleep on a couch. My whole family is targeting me to do it but I want my bed my comfort place. AITA Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Im going to start with some background on the situation. My older brother and SIL wanted to rent a apartment so he can move out together. (SIL still lives with her parents also) They are both 20. When COVID hit they couldnt find a apartment. My SIL parents want her to move out so she is gonna move in until they get a apartment. My parents want me to give up my room to let her have a bed. I said no and they said Im disappointed in you for that choice. We all have to make choices for a greater good but what good is me getting kick out of my room and having to sleep on a couch for a couple months. Im the only one out of my family being asked to leave my room my other siblings havent be told or asked anything. Should I give up my space for my SIL and force me to have to sleep on a couch. My whole family is targeting me to do it but I want my bed my comfort place. AITAI am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. Sucks for them. Shouldnt suck for you. Not your monkey and not your circus. Let them give up their bed if it means that much to them. NTA . Apartments are businesses they are still accepting tenants. Finding a place might be a bit more difficult but its not impossible. You live there. You have an entire bedroom worth of stuff. The person that is staying temporarily can sleep on the couch. You deserve your privacy.  Can you fit another small bed in your room? If so you could allow her to share with you IF you wanted to. NTA they are adults. Her having somewhere to stay is a massive favour and it should not inconvenience you. Plus where is all your stuff going to be? What about your privacy? Plus if its your parents place your brother should have his own room and they could share that. NTA why can't she sleep on the couch? NTA. You shouldnt have to give up your bed. INFO does your brother have his own room? INFO: youre leaving out all the rooms and other sleeping arrangements. Wheres your brother? Why cant she go into his room? Is there no other room for you to go into? Im honestly stumped by this. My fiances brother wants to date my sister.  I mean Im not going to dictate who my sister dates. Thats pretty toxic. But I do have a few reasons why. Theyre related. Not by blood but still related. He also asked me for permission which normally is bad. I honestly dont know.  AITA? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NAH. It's definitely weird but they're not related by blood. There's no real moral problem with it just that it's uncomfortable for you He is not your BIL you are not even married yet! Let them do there own thing! YTA and controlling. YTA. They're not related. Stop being so controlling. It's none of your business. YTA they're not related? It might take some time getting used to Yta theyre not related whats wrong with you. Better hope they don't elope and get married before you with that logic lol YTAThey're not related by blood and they weren't raised as family so there is nothing wrong with it. YTA they are two consenting adults you arent even married yet so your BIL isnt even your BIL and even when he is... he isnt going to be a blood relative so I honestly dont get what youre freaking out about. YTA. they aren't related. if they eloped overnight would you suddenly break off your engagement with your fiance. don't be ridiculous YTA. He clearly likes her you haven't said if she likes him or not. And no they're not related. At all. Not even through marriage. He's YOUR BIL not hers. Your husband is her BIL. I think the fact that he asked you first goes to show how decent of a guy he is.You said that you're not going to dictate who she dates. But that's exactly what you're doing. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Im honestly stumped by this. My fiances brother wants to date my sister.  I mean Im not going to dictate who my sister dates. Thats pretty toxic. But I do have a few reasons why. Theyre related. Not by blood but still related. He also asked me for permission which normally is bad. I honestly dont know.  AITA?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Well. Theyre not related. But youre uncomfortable with it and I personally wouldnt date someone that someone I was close to was uncomfortable with.But I guess YTA in trying to impose it YTA.Theyre related.No they aren't. Neither were they raised as family. Info  has she ever made any indication that she wants to date him? My BF (M 34) and I (M 30) have been together for about seven and a half years. I have wanted to move for a while and express this to him often. He agrees but never takes any action toward that end. The trouble starts in January 2020 when my mother who is now retired learns of a large amount of openings in her former place of employment and encourages me to apply. The job would pay well have the chance for growth and the field is what I earned my degree in so it seemed to fit. I told BF that I was wanting to apply in January and I encourage him to apply too (it's a really big place). He becomes upset at me and sees this as a betrayal. We argue but eventually I'm "allowed" to apply.Then in March I get an interview and in June I get the job offer. Now. Hes distressed. It's for 17K more than I currently make with the opportunity of earning 30K more in just a year or two. Instead of being happy for me or working together on how we can make this work BF accuses me of ruining his life and my mother of trying to control me. We argue about it for two days straight and I am so over it that I just email the recruiter and refuse the job offer. Then seeing how upset I am BF says that I should email the recruiter back and say my refusal was a mistake which I do. The recruiter reluctantly accepts and allows me to rescind my denial and I have the job.So BF says he wanted me to take the job because it is the "best thing for me." I dread the next few weeks because I know he will be horrible. As I said he doesn't want to move to the city where we are goingalthough he has never visited it. He wants me to commit to only staying one year and then looking for another job in my field elsewhere. He even wants to draft up a contract that I would have to sign that says that if he moves with me and I refuse to leave after one year after our arrival to move again somewhere else that he also approves of I will owe him a penalty of seven thousand dollars. I don't sign anything. I do however reluctantly agree at first to the yearlong timeline. At this point I will say anything to make this madness end.By the way I have been paying for the entire move. He isnt paying for anythinghes an attorney.In the end I moved ahead of him. He will join me when he gets a job I am continuing to pay all of my bills back where he lives because he can't afford it on his own and am living with my family to save money. I talk on the phone every day with BF but I am dreading the day he arrives (still not set).We have had other issues in the past that probably influence his behavior paramount among them being several instances in which I stepped out on him. He brings it up every single time I say he's not being fair and I feel like I can't really argue with that since my past behavior was so atrocious.So am I the asshole for not agreeing to move in one year when I just moved here and haven't even started my new job? Is his request reasonable? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)My BF (M 34) and I (M 30) have been together for about seven and a half years. I have wanted to move for a while and express this to him often. He agrees but never takes any action toward that end. The trouble starts in January 2020 when my mother who is now retired learns of a large amount of openings in her former place of employment and encourages me to apply. The job would pay well have the chance for growth and the field is what I earned my degree in so it seemed to fit. I told BF that I was wanting to apply in January and I encourage him to apply too (it's a really big place). He becomes upset at me and sees this as a betrayal. We argue but eventually I'm "allowed" to apply.Then in March I get an interview and in June I get the job offer. Now. Hes distressed. It's for 17K more than I currently make with the opportunity of earning 30K more in just a year or two. Instead of being happy for me or working together on how we can make this work BF accuses me of ruining his life and my mother of trying to control me. We argue about it for two days straight and I am so over it that I just email the recruiter and refuse the job offer. Then seeing how upset I am BF says that I should email the recruiter back and say my refusal was a mistake which I do. The recruiter reluctantly accepts and allows me to rescind my denial and I have the job.So BF says he wanted me to take the job because it is the "best thing for me." I dread the next few weeks because I know he will be horrible. As I said he doesn't want to move to the city where we are goingalthough he has never visited it. He wants me to commit to only staying one year and then looking for another job in my field elsewhere. He even wants to draft up a contract that I would have to sign that says that if he moves with me and I refuse to leave after one year after our arrival to move again somewhere else that he also approves of I will owe him a penalty of seven thousand dollars. I don't sign anything. I do however reluctantly agree at first to the yearlong timeline. At this point I will say anything to make this madness end.By the way I have been paying for the entire move. He isnt paying for anythinghes an attorney.In the end I moved ahead of him. He will join me when he gets a job I am continuing to pay all of my bills back where he lives because he can't afford it on his own and am living with my family to save money. I talk on the phone every day with BF but I am dreading the day he arrives (still not set).We have had other issues in the past that probably influence his behavior paramount among them being several instances in which I stepped out on him. He brings it up every single time I say he's not being fair and I feel like I can't really argue with that since my past behavior was so atrocious.So am I the asshole for not agreeing to move in one year when I just moved here and haven't even started my new job? Is his request reasonable?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA why are you still with this person? NTA. Please don't continue down this path with your bf. It sounds like no one is happy here. And it isn't going to get better. You're paying a his bills? Why? You aren't in the same place. And he sounds like a child. And he will only like things if they are exactly how he wants them.As for you stepping out if he took you back after that he made a choice to at least try to work through it. However throwing it back in you face everything you two fight is him holding a grudge.Do what makes YOU happy. NTA but I genuinely question why you continue to let someone tell you what to do. Don't take the job okay now take the job  this back and forth is his way of having control over you. He can't afford the bills back home as an attorney?? No you have a demanding child not a partner. NTA.It genuinely just sounds like you two are going two different life paths and he's trying to control the situation outright. You are funding his life and he's still making demands on you and being objectively rude.Granted given your history I can't say you started from the healthiest place but he sounds like he has control issues and he's stayed with you despite what you did because the guilt of what you did allows him a yet stronger foothold on controlling you.I suggest therapy. Even if online. So that you two can sort this shit out before he moves. You changing jobs in a year when the trajectory for the job is so good would be insane. If you are happy with your career and you feel satisfied with what you're making consider your own future before you give his control issues the room to breathe. There are two people in your relationship and he's refusing to hear your side. Why are you with him?? At some point you have to admit to voluntarily accepting this type of madness. This is what you look forward to for the rest of your life. Never sacrifice your career or job prospects for a man who clearly doesnt respect you. Wow just wow. NTA  he should stay where he is. He is way too controlling and it seems like whatever happens he is strictly thinking about his own financial gain. How did he justify the 7k penalty?! That is so so so wrong. A partner should be happy for their OH getting an opportunity like this. He also should not expect you to pay bills for services you are not using. Maybe small contribution towards bills that are fixed amount like internet but even that is a stretch. You have your own bills and expenses even if you live with family. Also it seems like youre making all the sacrifices and he isnt even willing to meet halfway. Everything is super convenient for him at the moment while youre bending over backwards. That contract and him forcing you to move in a year no matter what would have made me run for the hills. He sounds like a textbook narcissist. NTA But the problem here is that he's still your boyfriend. NTA. Are you sure he should move close to you at all? He sounds awful My wife and I were cuddling in bed when she started getting really attached. Essentially to the point where I could not move and began to feel trapped. I have issues with being trapped or pinned down like this and began to panic. This is something she knows happens to me and we have talked about before. I asked her repeatedly to move from under me and please let me go. She told me I didn't need her to move and refused to let me up. Im a big man so for anyone who understands its not easy to sit up to move around in a bed. Eventually I felt I had to force myself up no matter the cost due to my panic and she got hurt because of her positioning. She ended up crying and saying I had hurt her and left the room while I tried to calm myself down. Am I the asshole for forcing her off and getting myself up after I asked her so many times to move? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. I have claustrophobia so I know what it feels like to panic about being pinned down or be trapped. You didn't intentionally hurt her you were having a panic attack due to a serious phobia. You can't control this fear and phobias can lead to irrational behavior like forcing someone to get off you when they refuse to and you should explain that to her. Let her know that it isn't because you don't like to cuddle it's because you have a very serious fear that you can't control and maybe work out a cuddling solution that doesn't make you feel trapped and lead to anyone getting hurt. NTA it's her fault for not letting you go. You warned her about feeling trapped. No one has a right to just hold on to you when you tell them to let go. NTA unless you tried to hurt her. She knows you panic and it was unintentional. Panic attacks are real and need to be taken seriously. I'd say just explain to her what happened and you didn't mean for it to happen and say sorry for accidentally hurting her NTA. Shes TA for not moving when you asked her to. NTA.It was unintentional. Panic makes people irrational. Besides she knew that this happens to you and still didn't bother letting go. You're not at fault here. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)My wife and I were cuddling in bed when she started getting really attached. Essentially to the point where I could not move and began to feel trapped. I have issues with being trapped or pinned down like this and began to panic. This is something she knows happens to me and we have talked about before. I asked her repeatedly to move from under me and please let me go. She told me I didn't need her to move and refused to let me up. Im a big man so for anyone who understands its not easy to sit up to move around in a bed. Eventually I felt I had to force myself up no matter the cost due to my panic and she got hurt because of her positioning. She ended up crying and saying I had hurt her and left the room while I tried to calm myself down. Am I the asshole for forcing her off and getting myself up after I asked her so many times to move?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTAmight wanna explain to her why you did what you did so me and this girl have been friends like threefour years and then i started having feelings..but she has a really terrible bf that she waits for upons weeks on end and feeding her "lame excuses" as i told her she got all quiet and then i said even when im doing chores or in a online class im texting u (this was an asshole move on my part i can admit)i apologized profusely after realizing it but i said what i saidshe said that if i  am going to talk about her relation ship that way then i shouldnt even talk to her at all and i said that it was fine if she wanted to do that but she continued about all my flaws and how im unattractive to her and that she was leading me on to see how long i could take it and that she told everyone that i was manipulative to her and this split me from the friend group bec everyone heard her side and not mine(they are mostly her friends and i would take my friends  side over a friend of theirs so i get it) i said ill back off and she blocked and removed me from every group chat ever am i the asshole for giving my opinion on her relationship?edit: if there are any questions about context i will give some Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. ESH  your "friend" was an asshole on how are led you in and treated you.  She is definitely an asshole.I don't think you making a comment about her BF is bad per se. However the way you said it wasn't a good way to go about this. Info  give context by using basic grammar. I tapped out. Don't expect others to put in energy when you haven't. NTA. You thought she was a friend and Im here to tell you that she wasnt even close to that. She admitted to leading you on. Thats horrible. Cut loose and dont look back. Hello r/niceguys Translation:"I want to get  in my ''friends" pants so BADLY but she's seeing a guy so no peepee action. Let me wear her down by shittalking him into oblivion so she dumps him and can finally date me A nIcE gUY.  What?? She finds me disrespectful of her relationship and isn't  having that?? SHE IS REPULSED BY ME?? And now she won't talk to me at all?? Whyyy?? I don't get it!  IM JUST TRYING TO SABOTAGE A RELATIONSHIP OF A GIRL I PRETENDED TO BE JUST FRIENDS  WITH SO I CAN FUCK HER WHY NO GF?? "Tl:dr YTA AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)so me and this girl have been friends like threefour years and then i started having feelings..but she has a really terrible bf that she waits for upons weeks on end and feeding her "lame excuses" as i told her she got all quiet and then i said even when im doing chores or in a online class im texting u (this was an asshole move on my part i can admit)i apologized profusely after realizing it but i said what i saidshe said that if i  am going to talk about her relation ship that way then i shouldnt even talk to her at all and i said that it was fine if she wanted to do that but she continued about all my flaws and how im unattractive to her and that she was leading me on to see how long i could take it and that she told everyone that i was manipulative to her and this split me from the friend group bec everyone heard her side and not mine(they are mostly her friends and i would take my friends  side over a friend of theirs so i get it) i said ill back off and she blocked and removed me from every group chat ever am i the asshole for giving my opinion on her relationship?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YTA.  Her relationship is none of your business unless she is being abused.  You don't need to be commenting on it especially if feelings are at play  it just comes off as jealous and petty. My (F 38) husband (M 36) have been married for over 1 year. He has 2 kids with his ex a daughter (7) and a son ( 4). I have no kids nor do I want any. But I do love my step kids. They came to visit us after quite some time as they couldn't come over during the lockdown. x200B;My stepdaughter Kate (name changed) excitedly showed me a 5 bill with some glitter on it. She told me she had lost a tooth and her mom told her to place it under her pillow and the tooth fairy had left her the bill in exchange for the tooth. Now my husband's ex is a good mom and I really didn't expect her to feed her kids such illogical nonsense. x200B;I gently broke it to Kate that the tooth fairy is not real and it was mher mo  who placed the money under her pillow and she should thank her. Kate looked confused but after I explained to her that this tooth fairy stuff is just something adults make up she seemed to understand. x200B;Later that day I got an angry phone call from Kate's mom Shirley (name changed). She yelled at me for telling her daughter about the tooth fairy being fake and how dare I ruin her child's fantasy world. I told Shirley she was overreacting and that it's important for kids to know that they get gifts  due to the kindness of other people and fictional characters. She yelled at me some more about how I made her out to be a liar. I told her she was being ridiculous and hung up. x200B;She later called my husband and gave him an earful but he stood by me and told  Shirley to back off. x200B;AITA for doing something Kate's mother should have done? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. You did the right thing. Kids shouldn't be fed lies. YTA. It wasnt your place. The girls mother was doing something nice and thoughtful for her that way she wanted it. You didnt have to rain on her parade. Neither do you have to feel so self righteous for supposedly educating her. YTA. This was definitely none of your business YTAI was a little torn at first but im leaving towards YTA. Why? You broke a child's fantasy. It's just a fun stupid thing that gives little kids joy and you ended it. For what? Bc you thought she wouldn't understand the concept of kindness bc of it? Who was that little fantasy hurting? If it was effecting her in some serious way I'd understand but it seems like you did all for your own reasons rather than just playing along and having fun with it. YTAIt wasnt your place to decide when she should stop believing in the tooth fairy. You didnt do anything her mother should have done you stuck your nose where it didnt belong. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)My (F 38) husband (M 36) have been married for over 1 year. He has 2 kids with his ex a daughter (7) and a son ( 4). I have no kids nor do I want any. But I do love my step kids. They came to visit us after quite some time as they couldn't come over during the lockdown. x200B;My stepdaughter Kate (name changed) excitedly showed me a 5 bill with some glitter on it. She told me she had lost a tooth and her mom told her to place it under her pillow and the tooth fairy had left her the bill in exchange for the tooth. Now my husband's ex is a good mom and I really didn't expect her to feed her kids such illogical nonsense. x200B;I gently broke it to Kate that the tooth fairy is not real and it was mher mo  who placed the money under her pillow and she should thank her. Kate looked confused but after I explained to her that this tooth fairy stuff is just something adults make up she seemed to understand. x200B;Later that day I got an angry phone call from Kate's mom Shirley (name changed). She yelled at me for telling her daughter about the tooth fairy being fake and how dare I ruin her child's fantasy world. I told Shirley she was overreacting and that it's important for kids to know that they get gifts  due to the kindness of other people and fictional characters. She yelled at me some more about how I made her out to be a liar. I told her she was being ridiculous and hung up. x200B;She later called my husband and gave him an earful but he stood by me and told  Shirley to back off. x200B;AITA for doing something Kate's mother should have done?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YTA its not your place to crush a little kids childhood.Stay in your lane. YTA. Going to tell her Santa isn't real too and ruin Christmas? It's harmless and her mom will tell her eventually. What possible motive other than feeling smug and superior to her mom  could you possible have had here? News flash lady just like the tooth fairy isn't real Santa ain't nor is God and given how humanity has evolved being a good person doesn't pay and being a bad one doesn't hurt. But you don't say any of these things to a 7 year old because innocence should be preserved not demolished. You sound like the lady who gives out toothbrushes on Halloween. YTA so is your husband. YTA.  You should have consulted the other parents (your husband and the other mother) before making that decision.  This is not just your job you are parents together.  You don't get to make decisions up on the fly because you don't like them.And ...you could have picked better timing.  The wee girl told you because she was excited and you decide to rain on her parade right then and there?  What a grinch.  ...oh wait did you tell her Santa and the Easter Bunny weren't real at the same time? YTA  and you dont even seem to understand why. No her mother shouldnt have done that and neither should you. Why cant you let a little girl have some magic in her life? You way overstepped. You love your step daughter but you're happy to crush her innocent child hood beliefs.  You are a giant YTA YTA. This wasnt your place. Tooth fairy is kind of a cultural thing that clearly her mother was excited to share with her daughter. She even put glitter on the 5 for goodness sake. That shows care. You had no right to stamp all over that. I bet youre real fun around Christmas. You gonna tell her Santa is a myth too? Please dont if you havent already. Once again its not your place. YTA  You didn't think you should check with your husband first before breaking the news? Kids deal with enough reality these days. You couldn't have kept your mouth shut? People like you ruin things for everyone. YTA. Her mom is right and you set her up to be the asshole. Little childhood fictions are harmless and parents don't need to take credit for everything nice in a child's life. What's next hiring Robot Santa for XMas? NTA. I feel like you gave a good explain and agree how its better to teach kids to be grateful to whoever gave them the gift instead of some fantasy stuff. YTA. Not your child not your place to be a substitute parent and you most definitely do not do something intentionally to diminish the child's actual parents. YTA  someone should gently break it to Kate that her stepmother is a horrible person YTA. They only get to be little for a little while. You took magic away from a child. Its a good thing you dont want children. YTA those decisions arent made at your level of parenting stay in your lane. YTA. The tooth fairy is a pleasant bit of nonsense we play with our kids sometimes. You did nothing but kill a small piece of magic that was making your stepdaughter happy. Wow YTA! WTF? The kid was excited and you just HAD to ruin it? You. Are. The. ASSHOLE. YTA. You don't get to make those types of decisions without input from the parents. If you truly love the kids you would work with your husband  their mom on any decision regarding the children. WTF? Its not your kid what makes you think you have the right to choose what she believes in? YTA a million times. YTA. It wasn't your place to tell her about the tooth fairy. You're not her MOM you're her stepmom. You crossed a line. YTA Way to overstep It was not your place to do that. You don't get to make parenting decisions. You are not the parent. YTA. Big time YTA. You owe Katie and her mom an apology. Keep Your Mouth Shut. YTA and you sound like a troll It is ok for a LITERAL CHILD to believe there is some magic in the world. Santa Claus the Tooth Fairy etc. YTA the tooth fairy is a harmless fun thing that kids will outgrow. It was definitely not up to you to make make this decision without talking to her mom or dad. If her mom wanted to pretend there was a tooth fairy for a while that was her right as a parent. To undermine her mother was absolutely wrong. You basically just told a 7 year old that her mom was a liar. YTA for destroying a little girl's excitement and passing a completely unreasonable judgement on the morality of another person's parenting. Seriously! YTA. "hi im the evil stepmom who steps on butterflies and tells children santa isn't real cause their tears make me feel joy. im a sad woman with no life and nothing better to do" Yta you're a rotten person what the hell. Absolutely not your place YTA not your kid not your place. YTA Children don't need fantasy stories (and you can do the tooth fairy honestly as a game) but kids also don't need to know that the tooth fairy is fake and that it was done by the kindness of a human being. Either approach can be fine but the choice was up to the parents of the child which you were not. And then you compounded your assholeness by being rude and self righteous. But on the upside you have no kids of your own to mess up. However your husband is also an asshole for standing up for you when you were wrong. YTA because clearly her mom wanted her to have the fantasy and you chose to take that away without having a conversation first to talk about what the child is being led to believe. You took it upon yourself to ruin what the other parent clearly wanted to do. I think youre probably being a troll but YTA. YTA I dont believe you when you say you love your step kids because quite frankly you seem to have no qualms about breaking the spirit of a 7 year old whos mother went out of her way to give her a fun little fantasy to believe in. Way to be the evil stepmother. Ps your husband is an asshole too YTA. This is seriously the hill you're going to die on? Come on! She's a kid. Kids believe in magical beings and events because they are children. My brat is convinced Xenomorphs come and take his clothes if he doesn't put them away. It's fun to play pretend.I have an email account that I use to send messages to kids when the tooth fairy didn't arrive on time. I send off an email with a 'case number' and it keeps the illusion going. It's a lot of fun for the parents and kids. It forms a special bond that you decided to break.And she's not even your kid! OMG I'm fuming. YTA. You're not her mom. You crossed a line. You accomplished nothing but causing drama and ruining a little kid's fun. How pompous and shitty. YTA. Are you going to tell her Santa isnt real also? Believing the tooth fairy is part of being a child. My friend has aspergers and is actually really coddled by her parents. She hasnt had a job in almost a year and her parents dont seem to be pushing her to get one either. She recently sold her MacBook Pro (which I cant believe she did that because thats her only computer) her iPad her iPods her iPhone X max she literally switched back to using her small iPhone SE thats a few years old she sold a bunch of name brand clothing that she no longer wants on Poshmark and Mercari. This was all in over a span of like 2 months she has made probably over 1000. Just so she could spend the money she earned on rare expensive bratz  American girl dolls (I kid you not she spent over 700 on four new unopened rare bratz dolls this week alone) and shes also spent a bunch of money on expensive merch of her favorite singer. I am not one to judge what you spend your money on until Im having to pay your bill what I mean by that is my friend takes advantage of me every time we go out. She expects me to pay for her food gas money tickets to whatever we are doing really anything. She always says she will pay me back and never does. Then I see her bragging and posting how much money she spent on X Y AND Z on social media. (Bratz merch more toys etc)  I dont really like confronting people but this has gotten out of hand I feel like. I told my friend that if we go out again she needs to come up with the money whether it would be selling more things or asking your parents. I cant afford to keep paying for both of us. My hours have been cut back significantly at work because of co vid I am happy to pay for you every once in a while but not every single time we go out. If you cant come up with the money than Im sorry but I am going to seriously limit how much we go out or I will try to find free things to do. Which you probably wont like (hiking kayaking biking shes not really an outdoorsy type person). I also said until I receive prior money owed I will not be paying for you again. That means no food no drinks no tickets no nothing. I need money for myself as well. I am starting college soon and I need money to support myself. (She has no plans to go to college so I dont think she understands)But seriously its getting ridiculous. If you want to spend your money on bratz dolls and American girl dolls thats completely fine but dont be expecting me to pay your way when we go out and do stuff and dont be mad at me for suggesting free things to do because I need to save money for college. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA: I dont think youre the asshole I think you needed to explain how youve been feeling for your friend to understand because I have a friend with Aspergers  I have to just be blunt. It works out well.  It doesnt sound like you told her off in a disrespectful way either. Im glad you stood up for yourself and setting boundaries. Its VERY important for when youre in college. PLEASE have boundaries my friend. Be careful and make good trustworthy friends. I hope you have a wonderful college life NTA  Don't pay for her when you go out. But if she wants to sell her computer to buy a doll that's her business. Who cares? AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)My friend has aspergers and is actually really coddled by her parents. She hasnt had a job in almost a year and her parents dont seem to be pushing her to get one either. She recently sold her MacBook Pro (which I cant believe she did that because thats her only computer) her iPad her iPods her iPhone X max she literally switched back to using her small iPhone SE thats a few years old she sold a bunch of name brand clothing that she no longer wants on Poshmark and Mercari. This was all in over a span of like 2 months she has made probably over 1000. Just so she could spend the money she earned on rare expensive bratz  American girl dolls (I kid you not she spent over 700 on four new unopened rare bratz dolls this week alone) and shes also spent a bunch of money on expensive merch of her favorite singer. I am not one to judge what you spend your money on until Im having to pay your bill what I mean by that is my friend takes advantage of me every time we go out. She expects me to pay for her food gas money tickets to whatever we are doing really anything. She always says she will pay me back and never does. Then I see her bragging and posting how much money she spent on X Y AND Z on social media. (Bratz merch more toys etc)  I dont really like confronting people but this has gotten out of hand I feel like. I told my friend that if we go out again she needs to come up with the money whether it would be selling more things or asking your parents. I cant afford to keep paying for both of us. My hours have been cut back significantly at work because of co vid I am happy to pay for you every once in a while but not every single time we go out. If you cant come up with the money than Im sorry but I am going to seriously limit how much we go out or I will try to find free things to do. Which you probably wont like (hiking kayaking biking shes not really an outdoorsy type person). I also said until I receive prior money owed I will not be paying for you again. That means no food no drinks no tickets no nothing. I need money for myself as well. I am starting college soon and I need money to support myself. (She has no plans to go to college so I dont think she understands)But seriously its getting ridiculous. If you want to spend your money on bratz dolls and American girl dolls thats completely fine but dont be expecting me to pay your way when we go out and do stuff and dont be mad at me for suggesting free things to do because I need to save money for college.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA but Id seriously consider talking to her parents too. Her spending habits and money management skills or lack of are kinda worrying. Her parents wont be able to provide for her forever and she needs to make sure she can support herself. She also seems to be getting used to owing people money indefinitely which again isnt a healthy habit and could cause trouble later on. I guess her parents want to go easy on her because of her Aspergers which is understandable but still there are boundaries and limits. Info: what's the conflict how did she react when you told her this NTA. but honestly it's your fault for continuing to loan her money when she hasn't paid you back. you don't have to do free things with her just refuse to pay for her. doesn't matter if she has aspergers or what why would you continually pay for her when she clearly has money. I was sitting on one of the six disabled spots on a public bus because I felt like I had motion sickness and those seats make me more comfortable. It also helps with my anxiety. A young lady had a giant baby stroller that took up three seats and half of the isle.An old lady with a smallishmedium metal buggy got on board.She was trying to sit beside me but had difficulty because of the buggy and my backpack that I tried to move out of the way as best as I could. I believe there was also a bit of blame with the young ladies baby stroller. The young lady could have moved it close to herself inside of letting it take up half the space.The young lady with the giant baby stroller got extremely mad and told me to sit somewhere else. I left to go to another seat and I cried on the inside the whole way until I got to my destination.Im mentally slow at times so I dont pick up on social cues sometimes. I didnt know the old lady was struggling so much because of me.Am I the asshole for not instantly going to another seat? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YTA. Just dont sit on the disabled spots unless youre disabled. Do you have any actual disability? Pending this info YTA.Those seats are for people who actually need them. Motion sickness is not a disability. YTA an able bodied person sitting in a disabled seat...... Asshole. NTA. I don't get why stroller ladies get special treatment and get to take up 34 seats. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)I was sitting on one of the six disabled spots on a public bus because I felt like I had motion sickness and those seats make me more comfortable. It also helps with my anxiety. A young lady had a giant baby stroller that took up three seats and half of the isle.An old lady with a smallishmedium metal buggy got on board.She was trying to sit beside me but had difficulty because of the buggy and my backpack that I tried to move out of the way as best as I could. I believe there was also a bit of blame with the young ladies baby stroller. The young lady could have moved it close to herself inside of letting it take up half the space.The young lady with the giant baby stroller got extremely mad and told me to sit somewhere else. I left to go to another seat and I cried on the inside the whole way until I got to my destination.Im mentally slow at times so I dont pick up on social cues sometimes. I didnt know the old lady was struggling so much because of me.Am I the asshole for not instantly going to another seat?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. YTA I've ridden the bus feeling sick multiple times and if I don't have headphones in my anxiety shoots through the roof. Even when I had a torn meniscus I wouldn't take one of those seats if there was another person needing one. New mothers with infants disabled folks with mobility aids and elderly folks always take priority in those seats that's literally what they are made for. So yes you should have moved immediately because you have no entitlement to that space. INFO: where was your backpack? I'm going to go with a gentle YTA I may be opposed with this but I'll go with it for now. I get you were motion sick the seats a little comfier than usual. But those seats are for those with buggies  physical disabilities and old. Not for motion sickness I'm afraid. Yes the woman with the buggy could of moved it a bit to offer more room but again if there are other available seating take up those. If you're feeling motion sickness try to look at a fixed point and focus on your breathing. Today I was gathering my cows and herding them back to the house. I was moving them past a neighbor's homestead about 100 yards away from his actual house when his sons got on their ATV's and started heading in my direction. Pretty soon they were like 10 feet behind me revving their engines. I asked them what they wanted. They asked what I was doing on their property. Even though it was pretty obvious I told them. They said they wanted me off their property because this wasn't my place.Bear in mind I'd taken my cows through this path many times before over the years and there was never any conflict before. We both know there is no other way to my homestead other than through their property. Our families have minded their business but out of nowhere these kids suddenly got so possessive.So then we got into a verbal argument. Words were said. I'm not good at insults so I just hung in there. I told them since there was no fences or signs or anything preventing my unintrusive passage I could chase my cattle through like I'd done so many times before. It ended when I saw my cattle were out of sight so I quit it and caught up with them. Frankly I'm baffled as to why after all these years of peacefully minding our business these kids are trying to make enemies of neighbors like me. But if there's an angle I'm not seeing I am open to hearing what anybody thinks. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. INFO. Don't know enough to say. As a farmer/rancher you should know what your neighbor's property rights are and whether you have a legal right to an easement. This sounds like the intro to a "Clint Eastwood NeoWestern movie". NTA. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Today I was gathering my cows and herding them back to the house. I was moving them past a neighbor's homestead about 100 yards away from his actual house when his sons got on their ATV's and started heading in my direction. Pretty soon they were like 10 feet behind me revving their engines. I asked them what they wanted. They asked what I was doing on their property. Even though it was pretty obvious I told them. They said they wanted me off their property because this wasn't my place.Bear in mind I'd taken my cows through this path many times before over the years and there was never any conflict before. We both know there is no other way to my homestead other than through their property. Our families have minded their business but out of nowhere these kids suddenly got so possessive.So then we got into a verbal argument. Words were said. I'm not good at insults so I just hung in there. I told them since there was no fences or signs or anything preventing my unintrusive passage I could chase my cattle through like I'd done so many times before. It ended when I saw my cattle were out of sight so I quit it and caught up with them. Frankly I'm baffled as to why after all these years of peacefully minding our business these kids are trying to make enemies of neighbors like me. But if there's an angle I'm not seeing I am open to hearing what anybody thinks.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. Check your local laws. They probably caused an easement either officially or unofficially by allowing you to use that path for so long. Something has changed recently maybe they're trying to sell the house that may have motivated this change. Or maybe they're just some shitty teenagers and you need to have a talk with their parents. NTA. Kids being shitwheel kids trying to be well hard YTA gently  Well if it is indeed their property they do have a reason to tell you to get off it. Just because you have done this a lot doesn't mean they can't change their opinion or tell you otherwise.Yelling at them or arguing about being on their property probably wasn't a good idea. This seems like a thing you should have discussed with your neighbor. So I have this coworker who I'll call Katie (not real name). We're friends I guess we've hung out in groups outside work and talk a lot about random stuff and done social gatherings. Katie is fairly goodlooking though to be clear I've NEVER been involved with her like that or had any feelings and frankly she's a bit of a ditz and a little on the dumb side.Also she has actually dated three different people from our workplace. But she's friendly and gets along well with everyone and talks quite a lot. And what I meant by the above with the ditz is... she also has a tendency to gossip a lot and let her mouth run loose and talk about things that she really shouldn't.Enter "David". A fairly new coworker. He's loud and obnoxious and goofy and many find him annoying. Also a bit on the awkward side but he's never done anything crazy just a bit odd and very chatty. Possibly on the spectrum who knows.Anyway after a couple months one morning I'm opening with Katie she nervously asks me "is David here today?" I ask her why and then she tells me that he MessengerDM'ed her the other night to ask her out. Obviously she isn't interested in him in the slightest she just didn't know how to respond and never ended up responding. It wasn't anything crazy or harassing it was a single message along the lines of "Hey I'd like to take you out sometime would you be down"? Also apparently I was the first person she told and she asked me to keep it a secret which of course I agreed not my business.However later that day I hear her talking to another girl about it  okay whatever. But then by the end of the week I found out she pretty much told everyone and their mother about it just couldn't hold it in. Whatever her business. I guess she was avoiding him or something. Eventually the gossip reached our supervisor since she was talking about it in front of him and I guess he was acting like he thought she was being harassed or something.Now at one point when she was talking about it I asked her out of curiosity if she ever responded to him. She laughed and said no she didn't and that she was "not obligated to respond". But they really hadn't had any exchange since that ONE message so no harassment. But then I told her yeah that's true but if she's gonna be going around talking about it with everyone she should at least say something  because she should think about how that makes her look. I had one person agree with me but everyone else was giving me dirty looks including Katie like I said something horrible.I get it David is annoying and goofy but that's still cruel. It's also a bit hypocritical since she clearly doesn't have a problem with coworkers asking her out but it seems like when one she's not into has the audacity to do it and dares to insinuate that someone like him has chance it's a cardinal sin (I didn't actually say all of that last part but honestly that's the impression I get from this incident).AITA? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. What your problem is with Katie is her character. When it came down to a guy she wasnt attracted to she treated him like a joke and you dont think thats very kind (it isnt). And you dont want to be friendly with people who arent kind. NTA. Your friend is definitely a huge arrogant self centered AH. For not having the respect to simply decline the date for spreading it all around work as if he was desperately trying to get with her because he asked her out once and didn't even bother to follow up to see if she got his message or try again... But she's probably (like most people who act that way) acting all "creeped out" by him and like some kind of victim that everyone should feel sorry for/protect  because a peasant had the nerve to ask her out. I hope she grows out of that because people like that suck.Edit: missed a wordEdit: reread no I didn't (miss a word) I'm done redditing and going to bed because braining is hard AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)So I have this coworker who I'll call Katie (not real name). We're friends I guess we've hung out in groups outside work and talk a lot about random stuff and done social gatherings. Katie is fairly goodlooking though to be clear I've NEVER been involved with her like that or had any feelings and frankly she's a bit of a ditz and a little on the dumb side.Also she has actually dated three different people from our workplace. But she's friendly and gets along well with everyone and talks quite a lot. And what I meant by the above with the ditz is... she also has a tendency to gossip a lot and let her mouth run loose and talk about things that she really shouldn't.Enter "David". A fairly new coworker. He's loud and obnoxious and goofy and many find him annoying. Also a bit on the awkward side but he's never done anything crazy just a bit odd and very chatty. Possibly on the spectrum who knows.Anyway after a couple months one morning I'm opening with Katie she nervously asks me "is David here today?" I ask her why and then she tells me that he MessengerDM'ed her the other night to ask her out. Obviously she isn't interested in him in the slightest she just didn't know how to respond and never ended up responding. It wasn't anything crazy or harassing it was a single message along the lines of "Hey I'd like to take you out sometime would you be down"? Also apparently I was the first person she told and she asked me to keep it a secret which of course I agreed not my business.However later that day I hear her talking to another girl about it  okay whatever. But then by the end of the week I found out she pretty much told everyone and their mother about it just couldn't hold it in. Whatever her business. I guess she was avoiding him or something. Eventually the gossip reached our supervisor since she was talking about it in front of him and I guess he was acting like he thought she was being harassed or something.Now at one point when she was talking about it I asked her out of curiosity if she ever responded to him. She laughed and said no she didn't and that she was "not obligated to respond". But they really hadn't had any exchange since that ONE message so no harassment. But then I told her yeah that's true but if she's gonna be going around talking about it with everyone she should at least say something  because she should think about how that makes her look. I had one person agree with me but everyone else was giving me dirty looks including Katie like I said something horrible.I get it David is annoying and goofy but that's still cruel. It's also a bit hypocritical since she clearly doesn't have a problem with coworkers asking her out but it seems like when one she's not into has the audacity to do it and dares to insinuate that someone like him has chance it's a cardinal sin (I didn't actually say all of that last part but honestly that's the impression I get from this incident).AITA?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. People who do that are the worst.  She's shaming him for asking her out.  That's just shitty. INFO: Please elaborate on what you mean by "goofy" when it comes to David. Does he just tell a lot of jokes? Are they ever/often inappropriate? This is actually quite old happened last year or so but I had this conversation with a friend and they mentioned being into that kind of thing when I asked if they would do it irl they said yes since I was worried about them I said that they should seek professional help after that they stopped using me to vent and cut contact was I in the wrong? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA necrophiliacs literally fantasize about having sex with corpses... thats batsht crazy Look when your friend wants to crack open a cold one and isn't talking about beer it's time to start drawing some relationship boundary lines. NTA. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)This is actually quite old happened last year or so but I had this conversation with a friend and they mentioned being into that kind of thing when I asked if they would do it irl they said yes since I was worried about them I said that they should seek professional help after that they stopped using me to vent and cut contact was I in the wrong?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Nta I would have said the same thing he needs mental help NTAits not fair of them to get mad at you for reacting like that most everyone would say the same thing you did! No wtf? Definitely NTA. Sex with a fucking corpse is absolutely disgusting. I've just finished a yearlong professional training program. In this program we get internships. I got put in one of the more remote areas (still a city but far away from everyone else in the cohort) but I was happy about it as I live in that area. A colleague S also lives in the same area and got placed at a different location in the same area. As such over the year we talked a lot seeing as we see each other a lot. I always keep my work relationships courteous and friendly but that doesn't mean i see them as friends.This is probably a good time to mention that I have a problem where people in my life tend to have an "expiry date": when it comes to people who are not close friends I find myself one day suddenly getting sick of them. When I was younger I handled it terribly (eg by ghosting); now I try to let things fizzle out on their own. I've noticed that a lot of times this irritation is due to small things I don't like about the person that builds up over time. I know that it's partly a lack of communication on my part but sometimes it's also just petty things that I can't really communicate outright without hurting the other person (eg they're too friendly their voice is annoying etc).Anyway back to the story. Halfway through the year I started to find S annoying mostly because she's way too friendly and comes on too strong. For example near the end of the year in a zoom meeting when everyone was sharing where they've gotten a job S said she got hired by the place I did my internship at. I was quietly bitter because i was rejected by the exact same place. When it was my turn I casually mentioned "oh I'm still waiting on a couple of places to get back to me" and kept it at that. After the meeting ended she had the AUDACITY to call and ask me if I didn't get hired! I was so shocked I straight up told her no I didn't congrats to you though. she then proceeded to describe in detail how exactly she got the position. By that time I was lowkey fuming and when she finished her story she asked me if I'd join her endofyear party. I politely declined and quickly made an excuse about how I had a zoom meeting and hung up.S had been talking about the endofyear party for months ever since COVID hit and she did plan it to be socially distanced and on her large property. I always said I'd be up to go as I felt like I'd be the AH if i declined from the get go. I never planned on actually going though.S is just one of many people I've met in my life and more often than not I end up finding them annoying because they're Too Friendly and try too hard to be my friend. And while I try to establish boundaries I keep feeling like I'm overcompensating for my dislike for her and others by being friendly and I feel like an AH for being fake.So AITA? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA for not going to her end of the year party but honestly you might want to see a therapist about the pushing people away part. S seems to have been unaware that you were rejected and seems to be giving you advice and you took it in the wrong way. Everyone is only human and has flaws and the expiry date model is going to keep you from having meaningful relationships. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)I've just finished a yearlong professional training program. In this program we get internships. I got put in one of the more remote areas (still a city but far away from everyone else in the cohort) but I was happy about it as I live in that area. A colleague S also lives in the same area and got placed at a different location in the same area. As such over the year we talked a lot seeing as we see each other a lot. I always keep my work relationships courteous and friendly but that doesn't mean i see them as friends.This is probably a good time to mention that I have a problem where people in my life tend to have an "expiry date": when it comes to people who are not close friends I find myself one day suddenly getting sick of them. When I was younger I handled it terribly (eg by ghosting); now I try to let things fizzle out on their own. I've noticed that a lot of times this irritation is due to small things I don't like about the person that builds up over time. I know that it's partly a lack of communication on my part but sometimes it's also just petty things that I can't really communicate outright without hurting the other person (eg they're too friendly their voice is annoying etc).Anyway back to the story. Halfway through the year I started to find S annoying mostly because she's way too friendly and comes on too strong. For example near the end of the year in a zoom meeting when everyone was sharing where they've gotten a job S said she got hired by the place I did my internship at. I was quietly bitter because i was rejected by the exact same place. When it was my turn I casually mentioned "oh I'm still waiting on a couple of places to get back to me" and kept it at that. After the meeting ended she had the AUDACITY to call and ask me if I didn't get hired! I was so shocked I straight up told her no I didn't congrats to you though. she then proceeded to describe in detail how exactly she got the position. By that time I was lowkey fuming and when she finished her story she asked me if I'd join her endofyear party. I politely declined and quickly made an excuse about how I had a zoom meeting and hung up.S had been talking about the endofyear party for months ever since COVID hit and she did plan it to be socially distanced and on her large property. I always said I'd be up to go as I felt like I'd be the AH if i declined from the get go. I never planned on actually going though.S is just one of many people I've met in my life and more often than not I end up finding them annoying because they're Too Friendly and try too hard to be my friend. And while I try to establish boundaries I keep feeling like I'm overcompensating for my dislike for her and others by being friendly and I feel like an AH for being fake.So AITA?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NAH. You don't have to talk to people you don't want to talk to. Try explaining your feelings to her in a polite and nonoffensive way. YTA here. She didn't do anything wrong. You're bitter that you hadn't gotten hired so you took her friendly anecdotal story about how she was hired as some kind of a jab. All she was actually doing probably was passing on a potentially successful method.Also if someone invites you to a party and you decline YNTA. But if you say you'll go when you secretly plan on missing it YTA.  ok so its 10:18 Pm in California it's hot and dry. The AC in my house is comprised of 3 individual AC units at 3 different locations. My room my mom's room and the living room. I was about to go shower because it started getting cold and sticky in my room due to the AC. I go to the living room and I notice the AC for the living room (that no one is in) was on. So I turn it off. I continue to walk to the bathroom and I notice my brother's door is open as well as with the living room door. I immediately thought to my self. Dang I think my brother was trying to cool off by turning the Ac on in the living room and hoping the cold air gets to his non air conditioning room. When I finished showering I noticed he was fanning himself. I continued to my cold room which I knew was going to be cold because my room kept the AC running. Am I the Asshole? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole) ok so its 10:18 Pm in California it's hot and dry. The AC in my house is comprised of 3 individual AC units at 3 different locations. My room my mom's room and the living room. I was about to go shower because it started getting cold and sticky in my room due to the AC. I go to the living room and I notice the AC for the living room (that no one is in) was on. So I turn it off. I continue to walk to the bathroom and I notice my brother's door is open as well as with the living room door. I immediately thought to my self. Dang I think my brother was trying to cool off by turning the Ac on in the living room and hoping the cold air gets to his non air conditioning room. When I finished showering I noticed he was fanning himself. I continued to my cold room which I knew was going to be cold because my room kept the AC running. Am I the Asshole?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. I just want to mention that there's no interpersonal conflict so your post may be removed.But the least you could've done was ask your brother if he was using the AC even if he wasn't in the room. It seems like he was and you even admit that yourself. But did you check in with him? Did you turn it back on after your shower?If you answer no to these questions then you may have a slight YTA verdict. You have access to an AC unit. Your brother? Not so much as you do. As I am in California I can vouch how fucking hot it is right now and your brother was probably using it. YTA I don't at all understand why you turned off the AC that wasn't in your room? Honestly seems like you were trying to be TA YTA. When you realized that you should have turned it back on. If you did that you wouldnt be an asshole. A friend of mine 21M has disclosed to me recently that he has struggled with his gender identity. He thinks he might actually be a woman. I 21F was stunned to hear the news.My friend Ryan has always been feminine and I thought nothing of it. Though he explained that because the fact that he's feminine (his interests etc) he has womanhood so he might be a woman.I had still have my reservations and expressed that he could be a feminine male nothing wrong with either. I told him that womanhood is a bit more complex than girly frilly things. He admitted he couldn't put it into words and that it was confusing but it was just a feeling he's had on and off. He thinks it might be what's been missing from his life.I didn't know what to say and didn't want to instigate anything so I steered away from the topic. Ever since then we haven't really talked about it. I still don't know what to say because it confuses me.Ryan has asked me to call him female pronouns in the meantime and I do oblige. In honesty I don't know if I can actually see him as a woman though. I still see him as a man at least now. I still think he's a man. Would I be the asshole if I didn't fully acknowledge that he's trans that he might be a woman? Like I'll still refer to Ryan as a woman if he wants but its not something I can wrap my head around for now. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. If you refuse to acknowledge Ryan as a female YTA.If it takes time to get used to that idea and you are actively trying I don't think that makes you an asshole assuming you still fully support her and follow her name and pronouns wishes. NTA honestly you don't need to refer to them in what pronouns they want. Just respect their feelings to an extent and don't be unnecessarily rude. It's okay to tell them how you feel and try to help them through this. And if you guys eventually reach a disagreement on the topic continue to be nice. Let them know you disagree and respect them as your friend and the person that you know and love. But don't accept them if you disagree. Tolerate them. Tolerance is always more important than acceptance. Period. Just always be nice and continue to treat them as a friend no matter what even if your relationship goes downhill. This reeks of transphobic bullshit. Yep you're definitely the asshole. BTW if SHE asks you to refer to HER as SHE stop referring to Her as him/he. YTA. She trusted you with her identity you need to take the time to wrap your head around it if you value your friendship with her. Just from the title you gotta know YTA... C'mon she's your friend she identifies as a woman so stop calling her a man I'm sure she's afraid and confused too don't brush it under the rug and refuse to acknowledge it talk about it tell her about your reservations but do it with an open mind I get it I've had friends that I knew as one gender and name and they've told me that it doesn't feel right and to start addressing them as something new with new pronouns so I did. I'm not saying it's easy I'm saying it's worth it. YTA your friend is struggling with her identity and came to you. She asked you to use feminine pronouns which you clearly aren't respecting. You don't get to decide how Ryan identifies so use the pronouns she asked you to use. And if she changes her mind she can. If you can't respect that I recommend cutting ties so you don't hurt her further. Now if you actually want to help Ryan and be supportive of her I have a few suggestions. every time you use masculine pronouns instead of feminine correct yourself 3 times. Example: "He said she said X. She said X. She said X." go out of your way to think of her using her correct pronouns.  remind yourself that you don't have to agree but as a friend you will do what you can to support Ryan during this hard time for her. Using pronouns is easy opening up about an identity struggle is incredibly difficult. Ryan is going through something really difficult and I hope you chose to be there for her. YTA  your friend trusted you when they told you that they are questioning/exploring their gender identity and while its ok to be confused about what it means its not okay to invalidate anyone at any time. its perfectly fine if it takes you a while to get used to thinking of your friend as trans or as anything other than a cisgender man but in the process of exploring their gender identity their identity may well change again. if you wont make the effort to respect your friends identity that is akin to saying your friendship and respect for them is conditional  you only respect them while they conform to your worldview and while it is comfortable for you. YTA. I understand its quite the bomb dropped on you but her happiness is most important. You dont have to wrap your head around it but she does. This is not about you but about beeing accepting towards her. Mind if I use this TERF to cover up some bald spots in my yard? YTA. NTA Most people dont take into account the journey that those closest to the person in transition have to undertake as well. Youre gonna have to grow with them as much as theyll have to grow with themselves. Try to be as understanding as possible and support them as much as you can but dont feel forced to give yourself completely to a journey you yourself dont yet understand. These things take time and use that time to sort your thoughts and try to understand where they might be coming from. Ryan has asked me to call him female pronouns in the meantime and I do oblige.No you dont. YTA YTAyes it would be a shock to you but just think of the turmoil she would be going through. Also its disrespectful if she changed her name and you refer to her dead name. Please be more open minded So all you can do in this situation is use the pronouns she wants you to use and try to educate yourself about trans identities and issues so you can be a better ally every day. You can process your own feelings about her identity and how you reacted with a therapist a journal workbook etc. but you shouldn't expect her to explain these things to you. There are a billion and one ways to be a woman and no one person gets to gatekeep what womanhood means. You should interrogate and process within yourself why it is important to you to think of her as a man or "still" a man. I really think a therapist could be helpful here. YTA. This one is complicated. On one hand no one expects you to understand completely overnight. However you cant not understand forever. It doesnt seem like youre supporting her. You dont have to understand but to be a good friend you can try. PLEASE dont deadname her or misgender her even if it isnt to her face. Thats a huge dick move. Ultimately: YTA. If she feels that shes a woman respect it. You have to work with yourself to acknowledge that. YTA. Fucking use her preferred pronouns while you type your shit out ffs. I mean this gently but YTA. What you see doesn't match what she feels inside. She knows that it's more than liking frilly things. She's in a confusing place and it's hard for her to explain herself or defend herself. If you have some questions about trans people feel free to send me a message and I'll answer any questions you have to the best of my ability. I don't think you deserve the hate you seem to be getting. You sound like you're struggling to find the right thing to do and you're confused. Well it can be a confusing thing. I get it. YTAShe asked you to use feminine pronouns to describe her and youre still calling her him. Its going to take time  and you may never understand it completely but it seems like you arent actually trying to support her in even the most basic of ways. You aren't using her preferred pronouns. NAH you need time to adjust but please do make an effort to do so. Otherwise YWBTA. NAH as long as you respect Ryan in the ways she wants to be respected and supporting her that is fine. That support may include you stepping back and taking time to adjust listen to Ryan and understand more about what is happening so that you can come to turns with Ryan being a woman. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)A friend of mine 21M has disclosed to me recently that he has struggled with his gender identity. He thinks he might actually be a woman. I 21F was stunned to hear the news.My friend Ryan has always been feminine and I thought nothing of it. Though he explained that because the fact that he's feminine (his interests etc) he has womanhood so he might be a woman.I had still have my reservations and expressed that he could be a feminine male nothing wrong with either. I told him that womanhood is a bit more complex than girly frilly things. He admitted he couldn't put it into words and that it was confusing but it was just a feeling he's had on and off. He thinks it might be what's been missing from his life.I didn't know what to say and didn't want to instigate anything so I steered away from the topic. Ever since then we haven't really talked about it. I still don't know what to say because it confuses me.Ryan has asked me to call him female pronouns in the meantime and I do oblige. In honesty I don't know if I can actually see him as a woman though. I still see him as a man at least now. I still think he's a man. Would I be the asshole if I didn't fully acknowledge that he's trans that he might be a woman? Like I'll still refer to Ryan as a woman if he wants but its not something I can wrap my head around for now.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. To be honest YTA. Your friend has asked you to refer to her with she/her pronouns and discussed her gender identity with you  the least you can do is refer to her as such in your post. You also don't get to question someone else's gender identity  if she tells you she is a woman then she is a woman and you should respect that.I know that it can be adjustment to change from viewing her as a man to viewing her as a woman in your mind but (like all things) it can be learned with practice. Practice referring to your friend as she/her when you're on your own try and get out of the muscle memory of saying he/him.Also think about educating yourself of trans issues and read up on how you can best support your friend. She might be going through some tough times coming out to people and starting her transition I'm sure she could use a good friend on her side. YTA. if she has asked you to use female pronouns for her you should make an effort to do so. as a cis person myself i dont understand what its like to not feel comfortable in your gender which is a privilege. that being said the inability to understand what trans people go through is not a good enough reason to not respect their identity. i understand its gonna be hard for you but you should definitely work on it if you value this friendship and also dont want to be transphobic So I was bored earlier and had the idea to use my eyeliner (that I paid for AND it's from elf so it's not like it's collosal damage to her wallet) to do some temporary tattoos. It was really fun and I came out with a small semi colon on my ankle (ik basic AF but it's really cute) and the virgo Astrological symbol on my upper thigh. I used my setting powder and spray (I also paid for those) so they wouldn't budge cause I actually kind of liked them and wanted to keep them for a bit. So I walk out into the living room wearing shorts (so both temp tattoos in full view) and my mom gasps. I see her looking at them and getting mad and I say they are just eyeliner and I didn't stick and poke. She is still pissed off and im getting confused at this point because it's temporary and I can go scrub it off whenever I want. So I ask her what is wrong. She asks why I'm even thinking about tattoos so young. I just said that I was bored and figured it would be fun just to play around with and I ended up liking these two so I was going to keep them for a little bit. She gets really mad at that and yells at me to go scrub them off (keep in mind she has tattoos herself) and usually I would but this time I demanded an answer. I wanted to know why I couldn't do this harmless thing to MY body especially when it made me happy. She won't give me an answer so I stand my ground. I just don't understand why I can't do this and think I demand an answer which I guess could be "disrespectful" because I'm not listening to her but I'm 13 and I think I deserve an answer. If she gave me a legit answer I wouldn't mind taking it off. So AITA for using eyeliner to give myself two temporary tattoos and demanding an answer of why I should take them off? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. It's normal for kids to draw on themselves. Like dang I'm 22 and I give myself temporary tattoos. It's your body and it sounds like your we're really mindful about why you stood your ground in the situation. Sounds like mom was just being reactive and doesn't want you growing up too fast. NTA You're just playing around with makeup. You're 13. You are obviously not thinking about real tattoos. You just wanted to have fun. Honestly your mom not talking to you properly could have a worse influence on your mindset than you just innocently playing with eyeliner. She could have a talk with you that would probably make you understand her perspective more than just yelling at you. NTA. Your body your choice and it's not permanent seems like a dumb thing for your mom to get mad about tbh AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)So I was bored earlier and had the idea to use my eyeliner (that I paid for AND it's from elf so it's not like it's collosal damage to her wallet) to do some temporary tattoos. It was really fun and I came out with a small semi colon on my ankle (ik basic AF but it's really cute) and the virgo Astrological symbol on my upper thigh. I used my setting powder and spray (I also paid for those) so they wouldn't budge cause I actually kind of liked them and wanted to keep them for a bit. So I walk out into the living room wearing shorts (so both temp tattoos in full view) and my mom gasps. I see her looking at them and getting mad and I say they are just eyeliner and I didn't stick and poke. She is still pissed off and im getting confused at this point because it's temporary and I can go scrub it off whenever I want. So I ask her what is wrong. She asks why I'm even thinking about tattoos so young. I just said that I was bored and figured it would be fun just to play around with and I ended up liking these two so I was going to keep them for a little bit. She gets really mad at that and yells at me to go scrub them off (keep in mind she has tattoos herself) and usually I would but this time I demanded an answer. I wanted to know why I couldn't do this harmless thing to MY body especially when it made me happy. She won't give me an answer so I stand my ground. I just don't understand why I can't do this and think I demand an answer which I guess could be "disrespectful" because I'm not listening to her but I'm 13 and I think I deserve an answer. If she gave me a legit answer I wouldn't mind taking it off. So AITA for using eyeliner to give myself two temporary tattoos and demanding an answer of why I should take them off?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. Playing around with makeup to do body art is fun and harmless. NTA. Your mom is gaslighting you. There are literally temporary tattoos for kids and this is no different lol NTA  but I could probably give you a reason. She got a little scared seeing her youngest grow up especially when it was followed but a typical teenager attitude/question. Youre allowed to do something harmless to your body but when your mum said she didnt think youd be thinking about tattoos so young she probably meant Im not ready for you to grow up yet! Maybe you should approach this is a very mature and understanding attitude. For example: ask your mum for a moment of her time then when you two are alone say something like Id like to understand why you were upset about me drawing on my legs. Are you worried that Im going to start doing foolish things? Because i want you to know that I respect your advice and I want to be able to express myself in a healthy mannerBut the catch is that you have to be mature about it. Do you know the meaning of the semicolon sign? Because you were saying it's "basic" Two friends of mine invited me (18F) to go on an outdoor camping trip for a couple of days. Before I could confirm that I could 100 go I would need to make sure my parents were okay with it first. My dad was fine with it but my mom wasn't okay with it mainly due to covid concerns. For context for where I'm from covid has been stable enough where they have lifted many restrictions including doing outdoor trips. The people I would also being spending a few days with have been consistently in my bubble too. I even suggested that I could just stay in my own tent opposed to sharing as that was an option. It was clear that my mom wouldn't let me go I had to let my friends know and they were very understanding. I was of course disappointed and kind of upset that I couldn't go because I would be missing out and my mom could see that.The next day she started going off on me and getting mad about how I was being "selfish" for even asking in the first place to go and started going on a rant about how asking was a "loselose" situation for her as it would mean that I would be disappointed and mad at her for not letting me go. I wasn't even surprised with this reaction because she has done this before where she will find a reason to turn any something on me and make it seem like I'm at fault for whatever reason. The way I get out of these situations is just take full accountability and basically conform to what she is saying but in reality I know her reaction is a bit extreme. I of course also 100 understand where her concerns about covid were coming from but it felt like I wasn't even allowed to show one ounce of disappointment cause that would make her look bad and I would be selfish. Weeks later she asked me if I was still upset or mad at her but by then I had tried to just move on from it. She was taken aback when she heard some of her friends were letting their kids go on trips because another thing she was ranting about was what other people would think of her for letting me do a camping trip during a pandemic. I also have a sense that many parents were okay with their kids going on outdoor trips as long as they followed covid protocols.So AITA for even asking in the first place as well as feeling disappointed and partially upset at my mom for not letting me go on a camping trip with a few friends? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Two friends of mine invited me (18F) to go on an outdoor camping trip for a couple of days. Before I could confirm that I could 100 go I would need to make sure my parents were okay with it first. My dad was fine with it but my mom wasn't okay with it mainly due to covid concerns. For context for where I'm from covid has been stable enough where they have lifted many restrictions including doing outdoor trips. The people I would also being spending a few days with have been consistently in my bubble too. I even suggested that I could just stay in my own tent opposed to sharing as that was an option. It was clear that my mom wouldn't let me go I had to let my friends know and they were very understanding. I was of course disappointed and kind of upset that I couldn't go because I would be missing out and my mom could see that.The next day she started going off on me and getting mad about how I was being "selfish" for even asking in the first place to go and started going on a rant about how asking was a "loselose" situation for her as it would mean that I would be disappointed and mad at her for not letting me go. I wasn't even surprised with this reaction because she has done this before where she will find a reason to turn any something on me and make it seem like I'm at fault for whatever reason. The way I get out of these situations is just take full accountability and basically conform to what she is saying but in reality I know her reaction is a bit extreme. I of course also 100 understand where her concerns about covid were coming from but it felt like I wasn't even allowed to show one ounce of disappointment cause that would make her look bad and I would be selfish. Weeks later she asked me if I was still upset or mad at her but by then I had tried to just move on from it. She was taken aback when she heard some of her friends were letting their kids go on trips because another thing she was ranting about was what other people would think of her for letting me do a camping trip during a pandemic. I also have a sense that many parents were okay with their kids going on outdoor trips as long as they followed covid protocols.So AITA for even asking in the first place as well as feeling disappointed and partially upset at my mom for not letting me go on a camping trip with a few friends?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA  what kind of immature crap is this? 1. Youre 18! Hey mum Im going camping bye! Ok dear have fun and be safe!2. Your mum needs to stop emotionally manipulating you. Youre allowed to do whatever you want. It sounds like shes trying to keep you under her control a little longer because you go out into the real world and realise that her rules are ridiculous. Also Im almost 35 so Im not saying this from a teenagers point of view. You're not the asshole for asking you're not the asshole for having feelings but your mom is not the asshole for not letting you go. It is a bloody terrifying time to be a parent and I'm not sure where you are but in many states the restrictions and guidelines just simply don't matter  the state and local governments are directly contradicting the advice of experts and doctors so just because someone in power said it was safe doesn't necessarily mean it is. You have every right to be angry furious at the world and the way things are going but I don't think it's fair to be angry with your mom in this situation. I think this is different than conflicts in the past even if it has some similar patterns. This really actually is a lose lose situation for her. She wants to keep you safe and keep herself and the family safe and she also wants you to be happy. And I'm sure you want to balance keeping your family safe and having a life outside the house. It's a really hard balancing act.NAH NTA  You are an adult now.  It sounds like your mom is having difficult with letting you make adult choices.  You need to sit down with her and have a serious talk about your life. ESH. You for even considering such an activity during a pandemic (how is covid stable when there's no vaccine yet?) and your mom for gaslighting you even when you already followed her advice. NTA. of course you get dissapointed and upsett you were excited about being with your friends and go on a camping trip. and while I agree with your mom this is a bad idea because of the pandemic although it would be fine because they're already around you otherwise.I do however think your mother handled the aftermath poorly. she didn't need to comment on it. she has already made a desition which you followed and respected (Even tho you're 18 do you didn't really have to). that doesn't mean you can't be upset and dissapointed about not getting her permission to go. in the end she stirred up extra drama for no reason other than justifying for herself that she made the right call and I'm not for that. NTA.You are allowed to feel your feelings. You are a legal adult and you asking was just you being polite. Did she expect you to be happy about it?If you were a boy I doubt this would be an issue. Also her reacting this way now could cause you to not ask in the future. NTAMy dad was fine with it but my mom wasn't okay with it mainly due to covid concerns.This is a fair concern however:The people I would also being spending a few days with have been consistently in my bubble too. I even suggested that I could just stay in my own tent opposed to sharing as that was an option. It was clear that my mom wouldn't let me go I had to let my friends know and they were very understanding. I was of course disappointed and kind of upset that I couldn't go because I would be missing out and my mom could see that.Why is she suddenly taking an issue here?  Restrictions were eased due to there being not much in the way of risk so why is covid a 'problem' or does your mother have a history of being like this whenever you want to do something?  It's worse because you offered to do the right thing and she still refused anyway and didn't reason it out properly.I wasn't even surprised with this reaction because she has done this before where she will find a reason to turn any something on me and make it seem like I'm at fault for whatever reason.This is...really bad.  I wouldn't let her control you now that you're 18.  You are by most countries standards an adult (as far as I am aware at any rate).  So it really isn't up to her whether or not you can go in the first place (unless you were 17 at the time then I can kind of understand).  It would be up to you as an 'adult' to make that choice though it would be common decency to let your parents know if you're going somewhere due to your age they can't physically stop you anymore. NTA. your mom seems really manipulative and you 100 have the right to be disappointed in her no. the idea that she is in anyway the victim is... bizarre. it cost her nothing to say no youre the one whos missing out on something NTA While I do agree it is not a good time to be going camping all you did was ask. You wanted to do the right thing and check to see if it was alright. She is TA for the way she began to emotionally manipulate you. She is very obviously trying to victimize herself. She could have just said no and left it that. Ok so this happened a couple hours ago and its super childish on both ends. personally I dont think Im the asshole but my boyfriend thinks I am one. My boyfriend was telling his friend over the phone about how he got poke which was weird to me because whenever I ask him to get poke he always says its gross. So I pointed that out. I said I literally have to beg you to get poke and you dont get it. I can agree that my tone was hostile because I thought it was weird how I have to beg him to get poke cause he thinks its gross and we still never go but when his coworker asks they get to go. He then explained to me how he didnt actually go and his coworker just had him and another friend stand outside while she ordered and he ate off her plate afterwards. I dropped it at that point and then we went on to talk about how sushi with cream cheese is weird. Then my boyfriend hangs up on his friend and starts telling me he didnt like that I got upset over something that didnt happen. I explained to him how it wouldnt be hard for me to think he went there and I wasnt upset I was just more shocked cause he really hates poke. I apologized once but it was kinda stale so we went back and forth for a couple minutes before I genuinely apologized again. Then he said look how long it took you to apologize. After that he went on saying I cant really tell if you really wanna be with me if you act like this. Whenever he got to this point in the argument I checked out mentally. I didnt think the argument needed to be dragged that far so thats all I told him afterwards. It was pretty quiet for a bit then he asked if I wanted to go home. I said I was fine but if he felt uncomfortable he could take me home. He said it doesnt seem like I wanted to be there so he did anyways. It was quiet the whole way back and were still not talking. Anyways aita in this argument Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. ESH You both need to work on communication. You just jumped to conclusions and got hostile with him over a situation you didn't understand yet. However he also dragged on that argument. You both need to learn to talk to each other or this relationship won't last. NTA. He shouldnt be making you feel guilty and like its all your fault all you did was ask an innocent question that seemed playful. He turned it around and made it about how his feelings and how you were wrong. If this happens in all your arguments you should talk to him about how his comments make you feel lesser than and tell him he needs to change. I was in a really similar position as you and ended up breaking things off when my now ex wouldnt change and constantly made arguments out of nothing and blamed me. NTA. Sounds like it's time to reevaluate the relationship. Wtf is poke.... am I really that old?! NTA I have dated guys like that before and they turned out to be habitual liars and EWWWWWW why would eating after some other woman be ok in his eyes Gross.... AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Ok so this happened a couple hours ago and its super childish on both ends. personally I dont think Im the asshole but my boyfriend thinks I am one. My boyfriend was telling his friend over the phone about how he got poke which was weird to me because whenever I ask him to get poke he always says its gross. So I pointed that out. I said I literally have to beg you to get poke and you dont get it. I can agree that my tone was hostile because I thought it was weird how I have to beg him to get poke cause he thinks its gross and we still never go but when his coworker asks they get to go. He then explained to me how he didnt actually go and his coworker just had him and another friend stand outside while she ordered and he ate off her plate afterwards. I dropped it at that point and then we went on to talk about how sushi with cream cheese is weird. Then my boyfriend hangs up on his friend and starts telling me he didnt like that I got upset over something that didnt happen. I explained to him how it wouldnt be hard for me to think he went there and I wasnt upset I was just more shocked cause he really hates poke. I apologized once but it was kinda stale so we went back and forth for a couple minutes before I genuinely apologized again. Then he said look how long it took you to apologize. After that he went on saying I cant really tell if you really wanna be with me if you act like this. Whenever he got to this point in the argument I checked out mentally. I didnt think the argument needed to be dragged that far so thats all I told him afterwards. It was pretty quiet for a bit then he asked if I wanted to go home. I said I was fine but if he felt uncomfortable he could take me home. He said it doesnt seem like I wanted to be there so he did anyways. It was quiet the whole way back and were still not talking. Anyways aita in this argumentI am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Heres some quick context; My friend bet me that my dick was smaller than a child I doubted him and made the bet. So I went into my exwife's room while her boyfriend was asleep and borrowed the kid from the crib. I also took my nintendo switch that I forgot the last time I was there. I laid him down and measured. Boy was my friend right.   I lost the bet and had to make this reddit post. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. What The FUCK YTA YTA YTA RED FLAG RED FLAG RED FLAG RED FLAG RED FLAG  YIKES a troll thats not even good at trolling how lame Move along troll. yea no YTA dude you don't put your dick by an child dude AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Heres some quick context; My friend bet me that my dick was smaller than a child I doubted him and made the bet. So I went into my exwife's room while her boyfriend was asleep and borrowed the kid from the crib. I also took my nintendo switch that I forgot the last time I was there. I laid him down and measured. Boy was my friend right.   I lost the bet and had to make this reddit post.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Piss off boring troll YTA for being a lame troll Throwaway mobile sorryIve lived in this country for 13 years but I'm still not a citizen here. I turn 18 soon and when that happens my parents plan for me is to ship me off to my home country and marry me off to some man I don't know. I don't want to be a housewife for the rest of my life rotting away I think I would end my life prematurely. The way women are treated in my country would be banned to post here on this sub. I want to work in the healthcare field and I've worked hard and gotten As in all my classes and applied and gotten into good colleges but my parents said they weren't going to let me go. I think it's because they don't have the money anymore for me to go. These past few days have been so hard I've been so angry and depressed and I still am.Anyway I have a boyfriend we've been dating secretly for almost 4 years and he's the one I want to marry and have a life with here. I know they will not approve of him because he's an atheist we're christian. We want to elope he's a citizen here he wants me to stay here. He would prefer to marry after college but he says he would do anything to keep me here. We want to move away and not tell my parents the address. I will work (medical assistant certified) and put myself through university and apply for as much financial aid as I can. I don't talk to my parents about anything I just show them my report card every quarter and they're happy. They don't care about my mental health and I've seriously suffered because of it. Im not allowed to go anywhere not allowed to date I go to school and come home immediately and that has been my life. But I know it's just because they love me and want me to be safe. I just don't agree with their future plans for me and I feel like I should be in control of that.WIBTA if I elope and move away from my parents? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Throwaway mobile sorryIve lived in this country for 13 years but I'm still not a citizen here. I turn 18 soon and when that happens my parents plan for me is to ship me off to my home country and marry me off to some man I don't know. I don't want to be a housewife for the rest of my life rotting away I think I would end my life prematurely. The way women are treated in my country would be banned to post here on this sub. I want to work in the healthcare field and I've worked hard and gotten As in all my classes and applied and gotten into good colleges but my parents said they weren't going to let me go. I think it's because they don't have the money anymore for me to go. These past few days have been so hard I've been so angry and depressed and I still am.Anyway I have a boyfriend we've been dating secretly for almost 4 years and he's the one I want to marry and have a life with here. I know they will not approve of him because he's an atheist we're christian. We want to elope he's a citizen here he wants me to stay here. We want to move away and not tell my parents the address. I will work (medical assistant certified) and put myself through university and apply for as much financial aid as I can. I don't talk to my parents about anything I just show them my report card every quarter and they're happy. They don't care about my mental health and I've seriously suffered because of it. Im not allowed to go anywhere not allowed to date I go to school and come home immediately and that has been my life. But I know it's just because they love me and want me to be safe. I just don't agree with their future plans for me and I feel like I should be in control of that.WIBTA if I elope and move away from my parents?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTAIts your life live it your way. So am I the asshole for not wanting my fianc to go to Canada without me for Christmas? Heres the deal she has dual citizenship and can come and go as she pleases. There are reasons that I cannot go to Canada at all at the moment but will be able to when we finally do get married in July. I really dont want to be alone for the holidays and I dont like the idea of her traveling internationally not just because of the pandemic but also because last time she was there I had to bail both her and her sister out as they were stuck at the airport(I love her but she is a scatter brain.) I didnt yell nor will I forbid it but I did tell her that it made me angry and it hurt me.To be fair to her she hasnt been to a family Christmas in a while and I understand wanting to be with family. Am I the asshole? Im open to the fact that I maybe. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. INFO: Are you in the US? AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)So am I the asshole for not wanting my fianc to go to Canada without me for Christmas? Heres the deal she has dual citizenship and can come and go as she pleases. There are reasons that I cannot go to Canada at all at the moment but will be able to when we finally do get married in July. I really dont want to be alone for the holidays and I dont like the idea of her traveling internationally not just because of the pandemic but also because last time she was there I had to bail both her and her sister out as they were stuck at the airport(I love her but she is a scatter brain.) I didnt yell nor will I forbid it but I did tell her that it made me angry and it hurt me.To be fair to her she hasnt been to a family Christmas in a while and I understand wanting to be with family. Am I the asshole? Im open to the fact that I maybe.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. We met at work and were always super tight with each other. That all changed about 2 years ago. We both got busy with other jobs I did with a job and my junior year of college. We were on opposite sleep schedules. Mine being the normal one since I worked in accounting. Bob would go to sleep when I would wake up for the day. We would plan hangouts a few weeks in advance for starting at about 1pm3pm. Bob was always either late by 1 or 2 hours and never attempted to adjust his sleep schedule to the point where I had to be awake for 24 hours to have enough time to actually do stuff. Or I'd be waiting for him and after the 2 hour mark of being late he'd cancel. Got a gaming pc 2 months ago and I started thought it'd be easier since no driving would be involved for us to do stuff online. Same issues as before. Then he'd say things every time like "I would've been on time if I didn't hang out with jim jeff or john super late the night before"  in my opinion being very inconsiderate of our collective and my time. I told him last night that it hurt my feelings that he always did that every single time the day came for us to hangout. He then said he doesn't want to wait on me hand and foot to make the friendship work or be tired when we hangout. He then said it's not a competition for his time or to see who is better friends. He said his other friends are super flexible about everything and that I was being way too over the top about it. Then he said that he's done with me and that's that. I was very confused since all I asked was for him to be considerate and more punctual since I planned around our hangout periods in terms of like homework to get done and stuff.... anyways wanted to see what you all think about this. Was I in the wrong and being an asshole? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)We met at work and were always super tight with each other. That all changed about 2 years ago. We both got busy with other jobs I did with a job and my junior year of college. We were on opposite sleep schedules. Mine being the normal one since I worked in accounting. Bob would go to sleep when I would wake up for the day. We would plan hangouts a few weeks in advance for starting at about 1pm3pm. Bob was always either late by 1 or 2 hours and never attempted to adjust his sleep schedule to the point where I had to be awake for 24 hours to have enough time to actually do stuff. Or I'd be waiting for him and after the 2 hour mark of being late he'd cancel. Got a gaming pc 2 months ago and I started thought it'd be easier since no driving would be involved for us to do stuff online. Same issues as before. Then he'd say things every time like "I would've been on time if I didn't hang out with jim jeff or john super late the night before"  in my opinion being very inconsiderate of our collective and my time. I told him last night that it hurt my feelings that he always did that every single time the day came for us to hangout. He then said he doesn't want to wait on me hand and foot to make the friendship work or be tired when we hangout. He then said it's not a competition for his time or to see who is better friends. He said his other friends are super flexible about everything and that I was being way too over the top about it. Then he said that he's done with me and that's that. I was very confused since all I asked was for him to be considerate and more punctual since I planned around our hangout periods in terms of like homework to get done and stuff.... anyways wanted to see what you all think about this. Was I in the wrong and being an asshole?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. NTA. He was a complete douche by always bailing last second or making you late on agreed hang out time. You are waiting hand and foot for him and he is doing nothing in the relationship. I say you dont need someone who obviously doesnt want to hang out with you in your life. English is my 3rd language so... My birthday is coming and I haven't celebrated it with my friends since last few years. Me and my family used to dine out and that was like my birthday gift( which I am thankful for) . This year my parents promised to properly celebrate it but now we can't invite everyone. We thought to celebrate it  but at a small scale. Like instead of extended family childhood friends my school friends neighbors and other group of friendswe will only invite my childhood friends (our families are very close). My family and their families are really close and we all haven't went out. Also we celebrate almost every festival together and have been there for each other in difficult time so they are really close and important to me. The problem is my other friends will be very disappointed. But the thing is I don't consider them my real friends. We meet just because our parents meet each other for certain occasions and we are in same community. So inviting them is just for formality. Also they haven't celebrated their birthdays since few years or don't invite me cause they celebrate it with just their family or their 35 close friends. Also they talk behind my back. Don't invite my family for outings but if we go with someone or celebrate something they expect an invitation and taunts us. When they will find that they weren't invited they will be hurt and angry. And I am sacred they won't talk to me Or hold grudges against my parentsSo AITA for only inviting one group of friends? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)English is my 3rd language so... My birthday is coming and I haven't celebrated it with my friends since last few years. Me and my family used to dine out and that was like my birthday gift( which I am thankful for) . This year my parents promised to properly celebrate it but now we can't invite everyone. We thought to celebrate it  but at a small scale. Like instead of extended family childhood friends my school friends neighbors and other group of friendswe will only invite my childhood friends (our families are very close). My family and their families are really close and we all haven't went out. Also we celebrate almost every festival together and have been there for each other in difficult time so they are really close and important to me. The problem is my other friends will be very disappointed. But the thing is I don't consider them my real friends. We meet just because our parents meet each other for certain occasions and we are in same community. So inviting them is just for formality. Also they haven't celebrated their birthdays since few years or don't invite me cause they celebrate it with just their family or their 35 close friends. Also they talk behind my back. Don't invite my family for outings but if we go with someone or celebrate something they expect an invitation and taunts us. When they will find that they weren't invited they will be hurt and angry. And I am sacred they won't talk to me Or hold grudges against my parentsSo AITA for only inviting one group of friends?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. I posted on a subreddit for a dirty kik penpal. I said I in my early 20s and that I had a juicy behind and that I am looking for a HOT DADDY. I got lots of responses to and chose one. We sent lots of messages to each other and I sent photos of my plump bottom and good angles of my legs and nipples. He sent me photos too. He never asked what my gender was so I never told him. When he eventually made a comment about how I was the "the hottest girl" he's been with I revealed that I'm not a girl but yeah I am hot. And he was furious saying I cat fished him.. bit he never asked AITA?x200B;AITA for not revealing I am a gay man to my dirty pen pal? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)I posted on a subreddit for a dirty kik penpal. I said I in my early 20s and that I had a juicy behind and that I am looking for a HOT DADDY. I got lots of responses to and chose one. We sent lots of messages to each other and I sent photos of my plump bottom and good angles of my legs and nipples. He sent me photos too. He never asked what my gender was so I never told him. When he eventually made a comment about how I was the "the hottest girl" he's been with I revealed that I'm not a girl but yeah I am hot. And he was furious saying I cat fished him.. bit he never asked AITA?x200B;AITA for not revealing I am a gay man to my dirty pen pal?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. ESHI think you intentionally left out that youre male to attract more attention.He should have asked up front if it mattered. Should've disclosed to him that information I recently got back with an ex after a few months of fixing stuff up. We're always there for each other no matter what.A week ago I discovered I had earlystage cancer. Once I told him l was met with oneword answers hours apart. I was mad so I left it for a few days. I started to feel like shit and texted me asking for help because I was in pain and I was scared. I was met with radio silence.This happened for a few days before I cracked and sent him a paragraph describing the pain I felt from him ignoring me and being dry he apologised but continued to be dry and a late replier.Two days ago he messaged me asking why I was ignoring him I was annoyed and went off saying I tried to reach out but there was nothing.He started yelling at me saying I was selfish because I didn't ask him how he was or why he was replying late. He said he was going thru things and if I cared I would ask what was wrong despite me asking him four days ago. The fight continued until I was in tears and he broke it off saying he couldn't handle the stress or my cancer. AITA for caring about my cancer more than our relationship? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)I recently got back with an ex after a few months of fixing stuff up. We're always there for each other no matter what.A week ago I discovered I had earlystage cancer. Once I told him l was met with oneword answers hours apart. I was mad so I left it for a few days. I started to feel like shit and texted me asking for help because I was in pain and I was scared. I was met with radio silence.This happened for a few days before I cracked and sent him a paragraph describing the pain I felt from him ignoring me and being dry he apologised but continued to be dry and a late replier.Two days ago he messaged me asking why I was ignoring him I was annoyed and went off saying I tried to reach out but there was nothing.He started yelling at me saying I was selfish because I didn't ask him how he was or why he was replying late. He said he was going thru things and if I cared I would ask what was wrong despite me asking him four days ago. The fight continued until I was in tears and he broke it off saying he couldn't handle the stress or my cancer. AITA for caring about my cancer more than our relationship?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. this is my first time posting here so please bear with it. english is not my best  yesterday my gf (25F) asked me about my worst past what have i done the worst. and i'm trying to honest at my best to tell her the truth. IMO my worst past is having seks with a hooker i did that a few time less than 4 times some years ago. i know that's very bad but she didnt expect that truth. so she just left me hanging for the whole day. we didnt live in the same house so i just text her that i'm sorry i told her that i'm better person now.  she demanded me to have hiv test which is i will do it even she didnt told me to the more i said yes the more demand she want. I love her and i cant do anything about my past. if you have some advice i'll appreciate it Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)this is my first time posting here so please bear with it. english is not my best  yesterday my gf (25F) asked me about my worst past what have i done the worst. and i'm trying to honest at my best to tell her the truth. IMO my worst past is having seks with a hooker i did that a few time less than 4 times some years ago. i know that's very bad but she didnt expect that truth. so she just left me hanging for the whole day. we didnt live in the same house so i just text her that i'm sorry i told her that i'm better person now.  she demanded me to have hiv test which is i will do it even she didnt told me to the more i said yes the more demand she want. I love her and i cant do anything about my past. if you have some advice i'll appreciate itI am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. My bf and I have been together for almost a year now and growing up I never really had anyone care about me like he does I was abused emotionally physically and sexually so I always felt disconnected from my family pretty much. My boyfriend and I were always with each other even before we started dating. And then we started hanging out together even more when we got together and so I think Ive developed separation anxiety which makes it really hard for me to be away from him for long amounts of time (usually more than a week). Were constantly on FaceTime with each other like even when we go to bed so when he does stuff that Im not able to talk to him for more than like an hour I get really bad anxiety and I start thinking that he either doesnt want to be with me or stuff like that. And I know it sounds really childish but I cant help it. He always tells me its not my fault and that its ok but I constantly feel bad. So do you think Im an asshole for not being able to handle talking to him for longer than like an hour. Side note: we stay at his sisters house like once a month and hang out for like 2 days and hes doing that next week but I cant go with him this time because she wants to hang with him like just him and her but her bf is gonna be there so I think its a bit unfair but its their house so I cant really say anything about it. His sister also wants me to not come with them to like the beach or whatever cause she wants family time but she always brings her friend which kinda makes me think that they just dont like me. And I enjoy doing stuff with them because Ive never really been able to do stuff like that with my family and for once Ive actually felt like Im apart of a real family but since all this happened I feel like I just shouldnt be around them anymore like Im not gonna go with him to his sisters house or hang out with them (And about the anxiety thing yes I have been professionally diagnosed with anxiety and depression) Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)My bf and I have been together for almost a year now and growing up I never really had anyone care about me like he does I was abused emotionally physically and sexually so I always felt disconnected from my family pretty much. My boyfriend and I were always with each other even before we started dating. And then we started hanging out together even more when we got together and so I think Ive developed separation anxiety which makes it really hard for me to be away from him for long amounts of time (usually more than a week). Were constantly on FaceTime with each other like even when we go to bed so when he does stuff that Im not able to talk to him for more than like an hour I get really bad anxiety and I start thinking that he either doesnt want to be with me or stuff like that. And I know it sounds really childish but I cant help it. He always tells me its not my fault and that its ok but I constantly feel bad. So do you think Im an asshole for not being able to handle talking to him for longer than like an hour. Side note: we stay at his sisters house like once a month and hang out for like 2 days and hes doing that next week but I cant go with him this time because she wants to hang with him like just him and her but her bf is gonna be there so I think its a bit unfair but its their house so I cant really say anything about it. His sister also wants me to not come with them to like the beach or whatever cause she wants family time but she always brings her friend which kinda makes me think that they just dont like me. And I enjoy doing stuff with them because Ive never really been able to do stuff like that with my family and for once Ive actually felt like Im apart of a real family but since all this happened I feel like I just shouldnt be around them anymore like Im not gonna go with him to his sisters house or hang out with them (And about the anxiety thing yes I have been professionally diagnosed with anxiety and depression)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Im currently visiting my father and I always sleep with a fan even at my place. The room Im staying in at his place doesnt come with a fan so it isnt optimal for airflow. My stepmom came back from out of town and 5 days later discovered her fan was missing then decided to just take it from the room Im staying in without question. Obviously this is an issue for me but Im staying at someone elses house so I understand Im the one intruding but I feel that common courtesy would make you want to let someone use your fan while they visit especially considering the fact she already has one in her room and complains about being cold anyways. What does everyone here think? My gut feeling tells me she is in the wrong but I am posting this is to figure out how to proceed further. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)Im currently visiting my father and I always sleep with a fan even at my place. The room Im staying in at his place doesnt come with a fan so it isnt optimal for airflow. My stepmom came back from out of town and 5 days later discovered her fan was missing then decided to just take it from the room Im staying in without question. Obviously this is an issue for me but Im staying at someone elses house so I understand Im the one intruding but I feel that common courtesy would make you want to let someone use your fan while they visit especially considering the fact she already has one in her room and complains about being cold anyways. What does everyone here think? My gut feeling tells me she is in the wrong but I am posting this is to figure out how to proceed further.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. ok guys pls hear me out: i (16F)  am a huge huge advocate for women's rights and equality and can't stand any form of inequality or sexism from any asshole even if they're from my family. I'm from a middle eastern country (I don't live there tho) so stereotypical gender roles are rampant and sexism casually exists and is enforced there all the time.now my parents both know I don't stand for any of that sexist shit and will call out any asswipe if they're gonna act like a prick. although my dad is very openminded and supports me all the time when it comes to this stuff whether it be being independent making my own decisions and doing what i want my mom is pretty sexist against her own gender at times and sort of believes in typical gender roles: which i hate.what happened: so i'm done cleaning my entire room and as i finish sweeping the floor I decide to be helpful and sweep the living room (with my mom sitting there)  and my mom starts telling me how me and my sister are not doing our part when it comes to housework. now although i agree that we should help out more SHE DID NOT EVEN MENTION MY BROTHER!!!  HE'S NOT A BABY and he has full ability to help us out too yet she keeps telling me and my sister to clean this and do that while she acts like he doesn't fucking exist.so I told her calmly at first that our brother HAS to help us too and that she wasn't being fair which led to her saying: 'Don't compare yourself to him' (whatever the fuck that means) and I totally lost it and shouted saying: 'Me and sister's name won't do any housework unless our brother's name helps' and sort of stormed off leaving the housework i was doing and she's now super pissed. AITA? Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)ok guys pls hear me out: i (16F)  am a huge huge advocate for women's rights and equality and can't stand any form of inequality or sexism from any asshole even if they're from my family. I'm from a middle eastern country (I don't live there tho) so stereotypical gender roles are rampant and sexism casually exists and is enforced there all the time.now my parents both know I don't stand for any of that sexist shit and will call out any asswipe if they're gonna act like a prick. although my dad is very openminded and supports me all the time when it comes to this stuff whether it be being independent making my own decisions and doing what i want my mom is pretty sexist against her own gender at times and sort of believes in typical gender roles: which i hate.what happened: so i'm done cleaning my entire room and as i finish sweeping the floor I decide to be helpful and sweep the living room (with my mom sitting there)  and my mom starts telling me how me and my sister are not doing our part when it comes to housework. now although i agree that we should help out more SHE DID NOT EVEN MENTION MY BROTHER!!!  HE'S NOT A BABY and he has full ability to help us out too yet she keeps telling me and my sister to clean this and do that while she acts like he doesn't fucking exist.so I told her calmly at first that our brother HAS to help us too and that she wasn't being fair which led to her saying: 'Don't compare yourself to him' (whatever the fuck that means) and I totally lost it and shouted saying: 'Me and sister's name won't do any housework unless our brother's name helps' and sort of stormed off leaving the housework i was doing and she's now super pissed. AITA?I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. My sister Susan for whatever reason was stealing money from Kellys bank account. Initially the account was created by them to help save for a trip to India sometime back. After the trip Kelly wanted to have the account for herself as a savings account. To help facilitate this she wanted restricted access to the account and therefore let Susan have complete access to the account on her behalf. Whenever Kelly needed money from the account she would need to ask Susan first who would then allow for the withdrawal to take place. Kellys access to the account is significantly less compared to my sisters. Because of this Susan was able to steal money from the money without her friends knowledge.Susan was able to get away with this for a significant amount of time until one day Kelly needed 340 from the account. The account had no money due to Susan's actions. Susan did not have this money available so she decided to ask me to fill the gap. When I asked why she needed the money my sister gave her explanation. We then had a lengthy discussion to figure out why she is in this position the severity of her money habits the ethical implications of her actions etc. Despite my questioning Susan didn't provide exact details about why she decided to steal money and where she spent it. Based on this I decided that she probably didn't have an adequate reason for stealing that would justify her actions a little bit. Furthermore this is not the first time my sister has stolen money behind someone's back. A few years ago she stole money from some family savings accounts which she paid back in full. For me fucking with someone else's money in this way is completely unethical. Given how we were raised I found Susan's actions unacceptable and also indication that she didn't learn from her actions several years ago. I am the eldest in my family and unfortunately our father passed away several years ago. So I made it my duty to personally nip that behaviour in the bud. To do this I decided that I would provide the money on the condition that Susan phones Kelly and tells her what she has done whilst I am there. If she failed to tell her friend of her actions then I would not provide her with any money. This is when things really kicked off. I chose this condition because I felt my sisters actions to her friend were morally backward and needed to be addressed fully. I also wanted her to do it infront of me because I wanted to make sure that I made her fully accountable to her friend. I wanted to garantee that I made her accountable for her actions. I refused to back down on this condition and she became very visibly agitated about it and failed to contain her emotions. She did eventually phone her friend in private which wasn't the original deal but I still gave my sister the money to help her friend. However during this process my sister had a panic attack which at the time I didn't know until a few days after when she told me. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)My sister Susan for whatever reason was stealing money from Kellys bank account. Initially the account was created by them to help save for a trip to India sometime back. After the trip Kelly wanted to have the account for herself as a savings account. To help facilitate this she wanted restricted access to the account and therefore let Susan have complete access to the account on her behalf. Whenever Kelly needed money from the account she would need to ask Susan first who would then allow for the withdrawal to take place. Kellys access to the account is significantly less compared to my sisters. Because of this Susan was able to steal money from the money without her friends knowledge.Susan was able to get away with this for a significant amount of time until one day Kelly needed 340 from the account. The account had no money due to Susan's actions. Susan did not have this money available so she decided to ask me to fill the gap. When I asked why she needed the money my sister gave her explanation. We then had a lengthy discussion to figure out why she is in this position the severity of her money habits the ethical implications of her actions etc. Despite my questioning Susan didn't provide exact details about why she decided to steal money and where she spent it. Based on this I decided that she probably didn't have an adequate reason for stealing that would justify her actions a little bit. Furthermore this is not the first time my sister has stolen money behind someone's back. A few years ago she stole money from some family savings accounts which she paid back in full. For me fucking with someone else's money in this way is completely unethical. Given how we were raised I found Susan's actions unacceptable and also indication that she didn't learn from her actions several years ago. I am the eldest in my family and unfortunately our father passed away several years ago. So I made it my duty to personally nip that behaviour in the bud. To do this I decided that I would provide the money on the condition that Susan phones Kelly and tells her what she has done whilst I am there. If she failed to tell her friend of her actions then I would not provide her with any money. This is when things really kicked off. I chose this condition because I felt my sisters actions to her friend were morally backward and needed to be addressed fully. I also wanted her to do it infront of me because I wanted to make sure that I made her fully accountable to her friend. I wanted to garantee that I made her accountable for her actions. I refused to back down on this condition and she became very visibly agitated about it and failed to contain her emotions. She did eventually phone her friend in private which wasn't the original deal but I still gave my sister the money to help her friend. However during this process my sister had a panic attack which at the time I didn't know until a few days after when she told me.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. I (21F) turned 21 the first week of August prior to the border closing my two friends; lets call them Emma (25F) and Tammy (53F) decided we should go to Vegas as it was my 21st birthday. For reference we are located in Canada so obviously we had to cancel our plans. In turn we decided to make up for the trip to Vegas being cancelled that we would instead go to a nearby island that is popular to visit but also rather expensive as it is a popular tourist destination and combine it as my birthday and Emma's birthday. I was excited and looking forward to this trip aside that it was a tad pricey for a three night trip one room with a king bed one room with a queen one room with bunk beds and then a sofa bed. Emma got the king bed with her fiance my boyfriend and I had the queen Tammy and her fiance got the room with bunk beds and one single friend got the sofa bed.We booked this trip about four months in advance; however Emma's fiance did post something racist on his social media and I stood my ground and called him out on it where Emma's best friend and fiance also stood their ground for it not being racist. This was on the ground of how it is "awful" they are changing Aunt Jemima and Uncle Ben and I am all for this as it should be changed and that is where Emma's fiance disagrees as well as her best friend. This made my boyfriend and I uncomfortable seeing as they were openly racist and don't see it and honestly I'm tired with putting up with it so I made an excuse not to go a month and a half before the trip. This is where the issues began.I got a message from Emma asking if my boyfriend and I could put money towards the trip as they could no longer afford to go with two less people going. I offered to pay the cancellation fee (even though they would get a full refund up to seven days before the trip dates) and found them a similar place that is an Airbnb for half the cost about a couple of minutes away from the original place and it is a whole house with all queen beds (so no more bunk or sofa beds) a BBQ hotub and more privacy than a hotel has to offer.After I sent them a link to the Airbnb that was half the cost way more affordable and equally if not more nice. Both Tammy and Emma refuse to change places because now all of a sudden this trip is to make up for that fact Tammy can't go to Cuba Vegas and New York which makes zero sense to me seeing as if she could afford those trips why can't she afford this trip? So AITA?TL;DR: Decided to not go on a trip that was originally planned for my birthday because friends fiance is racist they ask me to pay as they can no longer afford to go  showed a place as an alternative and offered to pay for cancellation costs even though they get a full refund (cancellation cost is 35) They refused still want me to pay for part of the trip to lessen their cost. Welcome to /r/AmITheAsshole. Please view our voting guide here(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikiwhat.2019swiththeseacronyms.3Fwhatdotheymean.3F) and remember to use only one judgement in your comment.Help keep the sub engaging!  Dont downvote assholes! Do upvote interesting posts!Click Here For Our Rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/about/rules/) and Click Here For Our FAQ(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. AUTOMOD  The following is a copy of the above post. This comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited. Read this(https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faqwikipostdeletion) before contacting the mod team(https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to2Fr2FAmItheAsshole)I (21F) turned 21 the first week of August prior to the border closing my two friends; lets call them Emma (25F) and Tammy (53F) decided we should go to Vegas as it was my 21st birthday. For reference we are located in Canada so obviously we had to cancel our plans. In turn we decided to make up for the trip to Vegas being cancelled that we would instead go to a nearby island that is popular to visit but also rather expensive as it is a popular tourist destination and combine it as my birthday and Emma's birthday. I was excited and looking forward to this trip aside that it was a tad pricey for a three night trip one room with a king bed one room with a queen one room with bunk beds and then a sofa bed. Emma got the king bed with her fiance my boyfriend and I had the queen Tammy and her fiance got the room with bunk beds and one single friend got the sofa bed.We booked this trip about four months in advance; however Emma's fiance did post something racist on his social media and I stood my ground and called him out on it where Emma's best friend and fiance also stood their ground for it not being racist. This was on the ground of how it is "awful" they are changing Aunt Jemima and Uncle Ben and I am all for this as it should be changed and that is where Emma's fiance disagrees as well as her best friend. This made my boyfriend and I uncomfortable seeing as they were openly racist and don't see it and honestly I'm tired with putting up with it so I made an excuse not to go a month and a half before the trip. This is where the issues began.I got a message from Emma asking if my boyfriend and I could put money towards the trip as they could no longer afford to go with two less people going. I offered to pay the cancellation fee (even though they would get a full refund up to seven days before the trip dates) and found them a similar place that is an Airbnb for half the cost about a couple of minutes away from the original place and it is a whole house with all queen beds (so no more bunk or sofa beds) a BBQ hotub and more privacy than a hotel has to offer.After I sent them a link to the Airbnb that was half the cost way more affordable and equally if not more nice. Both Tammy and Emma refuse to change places because now all of a sudden this trip is to make up for that fact Tammy can't go to Cuba Vegas and New York which makes zero sense to me seeing as if she could afford those trips why can't she afford this trip? So AITA?TL;DR: Decided to not go on a trip that was originally planned for my birthday because friends fiance is racist they ask me to pay as they can no longer afford to go  showed a place as an alternative and offered to pay for cancellation costs even though they get a full refund (cancellation cost is 35) They refused still want me to pay for part of the trip to lessen their cost.I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns. Everyone knows the most common criticisms of social media how its addictive and creates unrealistic expectations and all that. But with all the parents talking about the harm I think that we still grossly underestimate how damaging social media is to life. Whenever I decide to get off social media for a bit of time I feel so much better and happier and like I can think so much more clearly but I also feel a bit bored and almost lonely. I suddenly have the urge to actually pursue more meaningful relationships I feel like perception of life isnt distorted by social media if that makes sense. I feel like I can confront my problems for what they are.Were losing sight of whats genuine and this is only going to get so much worse as time progresses; there isnt really any way to get rid of it now that we have it. And it isnt only kids most adults are just as hooked as kids and thats why its such a big deal because no one thinks it is. I cant delete social media even with how much I hate it because its I pretty much need to keep in contact with my friends group chats etc. Hmm. Posted on social media I'm not too sure this is an "unpopular" opinion. You provided minimal reasons why. Because you feel like you need it to stay in contact? How is that a bad thing? It helps you stay in contact and its YOU who decides you would rather do that than delete it. Precursor to AI overlords The stereotype that gamers are socially inept overweight and unpopular just isnt true. While there may be some that fit this description any category of society has this. If you think this is news you're pretty socially inept. I mostly agree. Gaming is a hobby that's very attractive to introvert though. Problem solving concentration no need for human interaction... I mean there's a reason the stereotype exists is what I'm saying i hate gamers and even i know this. Oh look. A community isn't fairly represented by its stereotype. How surprising. My biggest gripe is that if the ban/shutdown hammer continues a lot of underappreciated anime and manga will go unnoticed by people who would otherwise love them and support the creators after finding them. the legal anime sites will only focus on what's already super popular over in Japan whether it be by audience number or association with something/someone already popular and will overlook the rest for fear of losing money.I mean I don't mind paying but let's be real Crunchyroll and Funimation combined doesn't have the same amount of anime when compared to Kissanime.ru Oh I might have a replacement for you. Id have to get back to you on Monday though or possibly tomorrow afternoon as my coworker was just hit by the same fate but found a supposedly better option. Im more of an anime guy myself but thats just because I have adhd and reading even for a short time kinda doesnt work out for me lol As far as I know a huge amount of people in the West are only into anime because they pirated it.Sure cruncyroll and funimation and even Netflix make watching anime cheaper and easier but I remember when they weren't a thing. Anime DVDs and blu rays are expensive and people aren't gonna buy that shit unless they know what they're getting into. Also streaming tends to not be as good outside usa Maybe it is less about popularity than it is to do with experience but I find that these villain type character stories are less about striving to be moral and politically correct and more about dealing with loss and coming to terms with the past. I have been on a bit of a tear lately and I believe that the stories that I remember best are ones where that really underline the viallains perspective and opinions. Stories like the star wars Darth Bane trilogy death note cowboy bebop black lagoon breaking bad attack on titan game of thrones. I just finished death note this week and it is a bit of a sad ending. He really was just a massive serial killer but he did see himself as a force for good and he even produced the results to prove it. I love cowboy bebop and one of those reasons is how its not entirely focused on the crew of the bebop. Instead it gives perspective into the villains. Thats why megamind is better than all the avengers movies put together I would love to have these imo. That's why Megamind is amazing and I think is kind of underrated yes but how else would the government indoctrinate us to be civilised human beings? im joking but also not joking. I do wish this happened more often. Lets hoe Dr.Doom gets his own movie! Id suggest umbrella academy. The main characters arent villains but all pretty objectively bad people coming to terms with their fucked past and also kinda fucking everything up along the way. They also focus heavily on the storylines of the villains even if they dont explore their pasts much. thats why i love the joker so much; his character has grown and developed and been elaborated ect. Yes! I wish there were more stories where the bad guys win or at least get an ending that isnt just defeat. Its one of the reasons I love Ghibli flicks  the villains arent one dimensional often have positive character traits and many times undergo character development like the good guys  like Lady Eboshi or Yubaba or the Witch of the Waste. Death note? It's because stories with good MCs are generally "stop bad guy doing bad stuff" and stories with bad MCs tend to be a bit deeper and go into why bad guy is doing bad things and that is often more interesting I like bad asses. I guess if I liked villains tho theyd have to have some heart..you know like the originals. Vicious by Victoria Schwab is sort of like that. Not exactly villains but morally grey antiheros. Its ana interesting novel. oh I do love "tough love" on youtube the villain is a star inside the video.An apple a day keeps your enemy away XD Check out megamind... Yeah the bad guys tend to be more interesting characters. More often than I would like I see fanfiction being suggested to me. 'Oh it's so good it's so original'. All that fanfiction does is build off of someone else's work without needing to come up with any deep characteristics of their own. Half the appeal of fanfiction is that the characters are doing things they didn't in the original book/movie mainly just sex and to that I say WRITE A GOD DAMN NEW STORY. You can keep similar characters just name them something new. This way you might actually get some recognition for you work without taking away from the original piece. People that claim to be real writers when all they do is write fanfics should be banned from ever fucking sharing their stuff online. Just my two cents no idea if this is unpopular of not. Fan fiction is only good when the community agrees that the original writer screwed up something in the original book. Say for example the main character is destined to be with one character that everyone ships but at the last second is forced into a horrible relationship with another character. Fan fiction should be an outlet for people wanting the perfect ending to a book not some weird kinky smut. Fanfiction can be great. Like all of the novels for star wars. But that's cause they were made by people who were paid and already had a storyline written out for them. And most fanfiction is ok if the character behave like in the original media and it's well written and theres no sudden changes to the characters. Sometimes they do create entirely new characters or develop existing characters further in a way the source material never did. I don't think it's the characters so much as the setting though. Some fanfiction is simply mindless erotica and I don't think people writing that claim to be real writers but I think it takes talent to write deep fanfictions with plots/subplots/character development. I think a lot of actual authors start that way. I agree but in terms of fanfiction I'd like to see more originality in terms of the characters they are writing about for example Jotaro from JoJo instead of Jim being a really tough guy make him ridiculously sweet and kind or make him a very creepy person.  I wanna see some wild stories about characters written different from where they were taken. I always thought the reason why some fanfiction exist is because the writer and many others wanted something to happen that didn't happen in the movie/series.For example I don't like none of that sexual stuff or romance stuff. I read bromamces and love to see the writer have them hug or something. Something that was expected in the original movie or show but didn't happen. Not to say the original was awful. Just good to imagine what you thought should have happened. If you come up with a similar premise it's derivative. If you use the same premise it's a fanfic I mostly just used to read fanfics of celebs. Some were crap but some of the writers were pretty talented. But Im thinking about reading vampire diaries bc the ending was shit tho it wouldnt be the same as seeing the actors..I never read the book so maybe it wont even appeal to me. First I should add that I'm 22 right now. Moved out of my parents house years ago but I always think about why parents make their kids do chores. Ask anybody why their parents do and they'll say "They say it is to teach them to be responsible and have integrity. I think this is complete B.S simply for the fact that there are so so so SO many other much more effective ways to teach your kids responsibility. Telling your kids to take out the garbage or mow the lawn isn't inherently bad. It's only fair. I mean you are living under their roof but telling them to do chores isn't teaching them shit it's just a chore. When I was a kid my parents would just stuff the trash can as deep as physically possible make it nearly impossible to pull out and then they would call me even though I hadn't put even a single thing in it. Did this for years and years but what did it teach me? Fucking nothing. I'm definitely not more responsible as a result of it I'm responsible because I care about what people think of me. You need to be responsible in school or work. If you aren't responsible you lose friends you lose jobs I mean hell sometimes people even end up dying because someone is irresponsible. Kids don't learn responsibility or integrity by doing chores. Not even a little bit. When I was 8 I had a few basic chores that I got paid for every week and Im glad I did its crazy the number of high school and college students who dont know how to do their own laundry or clean something properly. Whos cleaning your place now? My parents raised me without asking much in the way of chores.  Did my laundry cooked my meals everything right up until graduation and being sent off to college other than occasionally asking me to help with yardwork.The result?  I was a helpless adultchild for the first couple of years of my independent life having no clue how to do things that were common sense for most people.  My parents were good people but they did err on the side of leniency for certain things and I definitely would have had a better upbringing if I was routinely doing household chores.Don't be whiny.  Good parenting means preparing you for the real world and getting you used to things you'll need to do regularly as an adult not caving to your every whim and treating you like a princess. chores dont teach anything but to be submissive. what skill are u developing? Yea I agree. Doing chores isnt to gain any kind of mystical lesson. You just do it as part of life. No one likes to do chores but they need to be done. I think if there is any lesson in it its that you dont always get what you want and you need to sometimes do things you dislike to be an equal member of a group in society. My parents definitely did its because they were lazy lol but I still learned from it. Now I have my daughter HELP ME do things so she knows how to do them later and why theyre important I'm responsible because I care about what people think of me. You need to be responsible in school or work. If you aren't responsible you lose friendsSpoken like a true 22yr old. Yep that's why were responsible kudos you're ahead of the pack. Im not responsible because I care what people think about me. Im responsible because I want to be. I find it odd that your motivators are other peoples opinions of you. I mean I grew up with absolutely no responsibility. Moving out completely at 18 for university was a huge culture shock. Basic things like taking care of their room and laundry at a certain age I think needs to be done. I never even hand washed a dish until I was in my 20s. Life skills are important. My daughter isnt going to be required to deep clean everyday. But shell actually need these life skills Its to teach you to work in order to get paid and to learn to pull your weight. It takes everyone to run a household especially if your parents work all day. The kids need to learn to share in the care of the household.But to be honest theres some truth in OPs statement. Ive been taking out the garbage for years since I was a kid. Its time someone else take over that shit because I hate it. There are def a lot of asshole parents who use their kids as defacto slaves I'll start this off by saying I don't deny the fact that conflicts have arose in the past and in the present due to differing beliefs in religions and that some of them have been directly or indirectly linked to the most tragic incidents known to man. I also don't think we can argue that such negative (and true) assumptions of religion is to be expected as religion has almost always been a part of humanity's history since the early civilizations.On the other hand religion is also one of the fundamental things that brought humans together forming the foundations of many societies. Dividing factors such as sex or origins have been kept aside in favour of sharing a religious belief in a healthy manner. And with such beliefs being tweaked more and more to fit the modern perspective of tolerance and acceptance I think religion is still one of the most effective tools in bringing people together regardless of who they are or where they're from.People who claim that religion is nothing but a bane to humanity that divides us often use what I mentioned in the title and first paragraph as their main argument against religion. As stated before there is a truth to their arguments but what they usually fail to grasp is how a global abandonment of religion will divide us even further.Ties between people that otherwise would've existed due to religion would disappear and we would find ourselves being divided by significantly more serious factors such as the aforementioned origins sex etc. Since time and time again we have proved that we cannot live cohesively I firmly believe a world without religion will lead to more historical conflicts and tragedies much more than what we've already gone through. Conflict is part of human nature. It will exist with or without religion. And just like other stuff religion has been used to wage some of the most devastating wars in history.In the end groups of people will go to war with each other if conditions are met but looking at the modern trend we can see that more irreligious societies tend to have lower crime rates higher standards of living and significantly less civil wars. Interestingly enough many of the worst tragedies and loss of lives have occured in times and places that were strongly antireligion and sought to eradicate it altogether. At the end of the day people are always going to come up with a reason to fight. If Religion is gone there will still be the same amount of conflict. Instead of people fighting because of Religion they'll turn on each other because of ethnic tension. Politics is just if not worse than religion. Lots if modern wars are started over politics now. Especially how in the US. Each party seems to have following like a cult. No religion  world peace I don't think a belief in a God causes wars.  Though the entitlement one derives from that belief possibly can. Sadly a lot of people would be even more terrible than they already are if they didn't have the promise of heaven or whatever to motivate them to be less terrible. "God is dead. God remains dead. And we have killed him. How shall we comfort ourselves the murderers of all murderers? What was holiest and mightiest of all that the world has yet owned has bled to death under our knives: who will wipe this blood off us? What water is there for us to clean ourselves? What festivals of atonement what sacred games shall we have to invent? Is not the greatness of this deed too great for us? Must we ourselves not become gods simply to appear worthy of it?" Religion leads through the fear of a never ending punishment. It ix strict stubborn and unforgiving. People who adapt these qualities fail to better themselves as the world betters. Honestly believe in whatever you want and go be a part of your community within or outside that believe system. I have not problem whatsoever with that. The only part of religion I dislike is that people get free authority over others by reading a couple books. Fortunately in the modern times they dont have political authority on the basis of religions in most 1st world countries but they still hold an extreme amount amongst their believers and I find that to be insaneI know it takes a lot more than reading a couple books but it is still easier than becoming a mayor or governor or something and the authority you hold is also far more absolute I might as well get this out of the way why is this a post apocalyptic movie? Maybe its right before the apocalypse and I missed something but thats not my biggest problem. The biggest problem with the movie is that the characters are boring and that makes the film drag considering its slow pacing. Fury road has a completely different feel from the rest but its arguably the most worth watching NIGHT RRRRRRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIIIIDDDDDDDDEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!It was pre apocalypse the 2nd is during/after and the 3rd is a few years after and towns  and society are rebuilding. Well it didn't age too well and it's style is not the everyday popcorn stuff. I too remember the idk script/screenplay if that's the right word was not very interesting but I guess that's why the conclusion works so good(his world gets destroyed in the movie both inside and outside.)But the plot is that the apocalypse or more like an apocalyptic collapse of society on a global scale is happening in the background setting. This isn't screened much iirc there are only some background radio/tv news of events like oil being super expensive or sth...)I think one scene was like when his boss or someone says to max to not risk his ass because "everything is in ruins". This is to be taken literally in a metaphoric way I believe if that makes any sense.Then at the end reality happens and he becomes the road warrior etc etc... If you really wish I can probably make up some more but that's about the movie and yeah it is probably much better in the hindsight/memory than the real thing.Edit: the setting and mostly implications are what work in it and make it interesting for some. It's just not. The eggs are nasty and fake. The McGriddle is way too sweet and overpowers all flavor. The biscuits are too starchy and are hard to swallow. The hash browns are too greasy. It's just not that good. I would much rather get breakfast literally anywhere else. I really like mcgriddles though I am from Singapore. They are very nice. I like it very much The McGriddles are fantastic and the greatest thing on their menu McGriddles are fucking delicious you swine! McDonalds in general is disgusting overpriced food McDonalds food is not that good. Its gross Bacon egg and cheese McGriddle is slight work but I can generally never finish. Too heavy and the syrupy bun makes my mouth dry! McDonalds IN GENERAL really is not that good. Its MCDONALDS. McDonald's is only for if you're on the road or stoned. I feel like they're the least greasy fast food hashbrowns. McGriddles are nasty and always have been but a sausage and egg mcmuffin or a chicken mcmuffin are bomb Have you had the sausage egg McMuffin? I like hash browns and bacon egg cheese biscuits thats all pancakes are good too wait its actually all good but the burritos fuck the burritos I only go to the good ol' Mickey D's for chicken nuggets. Everything else kinda sucks. But you're missing the point its cheap and tastes better than nothing. This isn't an unpopular opinion lol I am in no way against learning history I formed this opinion because I think that the history that is taught in school is in no way accurate and too easily manipulated by the current administration or teachers opinions. I think that if you are going to learn history you should do it on your own without manipulation from the school system. What is the purpose of learning about history if the education system will always have a bias in favor of the current order and you will never get a true representation of events? But from where? Textbooks are subject to opinion and the internet has more incorrect info than correct. Also most kids go to school because the don't have a choice. They are unlikely to self study any subject.Those who fail to understand history are bound to repeat it I think keep history and have a course in critical thinking skills. Every history themed piece of media you will ever consume will have a bias by its nature whether it's status quo or not. What I see as plaguing our society now is contrarianism masquerading as critical thinking because we know it's virtuous but we don't have a solid foundation. Build it while they're young. If you arent able to homeschool your kids you better be discussing what was taught every day and then correcting the lies and misinformation. I wonder how much time the Battle of Hastings gets in England? Waterloo in France? German movies of WW1/2 losses in Germany are rare? So why not just regulate whats taught better? Create a better curriculum. If you don't learn your history how will you learn from your past mistakes? We dont learn history in school we learn what the winners write I agree that there is immense historical manipulation all across the world. However not knowing history is also not a good idea as deep culture (as opposed to fads and pop culture) is tied with history. I think a better idea is for people to fight for a correct representation of history which is happening but bringing institutional changes is slow and cumbersome. But if anything legitimately falls under "fight the good fight" its the correctly representing history which includes realising that history is not just one story its many parallel stories. We must strive for truth as a society and if education is to be universal this is a value that can be taught. I am in no way against learning history or too bright Isnt a lot of history incorrect? The saying the victor writes the history is commonly used. I know little about history but I remember learning about a medieval battle in which the winning sides king supposedly gloriously killed the other king with a sword when evidence showed that he ordered a hundred archers or so to kill the king and his guard. This is a rather absurd position given every historian on the planet was tough in some kind of school environment.  History is an absolutely mangled subject in primary and secondary schools but some administrator sitting in an office altering the curriculum to fit they're version of WW2 isn't the problem. It should. Give at least 2 versions each time! Now can we talk about the GlassSteagall repealed by both parties in 2009 on the DNC and GOP subs? This was one major reasons why the 2008 crash occurred. Draw your own conclusion but can you connect dots? They need at least enough history to realize that humans are a bunch of bastards and that communism is naive. Celestia is  annoying and most of her stuff is just being  there because she's the princess on the other hand Luna actually has character development and went from regretting her past and trying to punish herself to trying to become better. Enough Said Daybreaker  both Everyone likes Luna because she's easy for the edgy flawed adult to identify with. That's the popular opinion lol.Celestia is best Princess full stop. Wtf you talking about Everywhere I look I see tips saying to crack eggs on the counter because cracking on the edge of the pan or bowl supposedly causes more shell fragments to end up in your pan or bowl. I've been eating 2 eggs for breakfast for years and this is simply not true. When I crack the egg on the edge of my pan it creates a clean break that's easy to dig my thumbs into when I open the egg into the pan. When I crack the egg on the counter it only smashes a side of the egg creating large fragments. There is no actual break so when I go to open the egg into the pan I have to push the fragments into the egg with my thumbs to create a break and those fragments end up in my pan. The last 2.5 months I have cooked 150 eggs 144 of those cracked on the side of the pan. A fragment got in my pan exactly once. I tried cracking 6 of those eggs on the counter and fragments fell in my pan 5 times. Cracking on the pan is superior to cracking on the counter. That isn't the real reason why you do it. If you are in north america with all the large factory farms; it reduces the risk of any salmonella from the outside part of the shell getting on the egg when done properly. Use another tool preferably a steel piece of cutlery or sth. Unless I'm terribly mistaken someone who is charged has been accused and must face a trial but the crime has yet to be proven.Yet every time an article comes out of some person being charged the comment section is always full of people condemning the crime slandering the suspect and suggesting punishments. Almost no one mentions that the person may still be found innocent. I usually tend to keep my humble opinions of the case to myself until after the trial is over. But many news consumers won't wait that long after all by the time the trial and investigation are over the case is probably no longer hot and sensational.I think part of the problem stems from the word usage. The word charged" makes it sound like the person is going to pay for something they did but they are actually innocent until convicted. Maybe using the word accused instead will make more people give it a double take.(EDIT: I'm not saying this because I want my news easier to read I'm saying this because I want to see less unjustified hate on the internet) So you don't understand the difference between charged and convicted so the news should cater to your level? If they were found guilty they would be convicted and not just charged. I need to go accuse my phone So we should change the term just because some people are ignorant? Makes sense to me. If I make a purchase I was charged. But if I'm accused of a crime I didn't commit I'm charged. I have had cinnamon rolls from some of the most famous cinnamon roll establishments. Independent places that are famous for them. Chain places that have made a fortune on making nothing but cinnamon rolls. Ive had homemade from tubes. Ive had homemade from scratch. I have made them myself. I like everything about them. I love cinnamon. I like breads. I like deserts. I am a human; I eat food. I have never had a single one that was better than alright. Ive never had one that I would consider properly balanced. Thanks. Normally Im very chill with this stuff do what you want but not this. Not cinnamon rolls. You are wrong. They are such good. Go eat one. I sort of felt this way until I had Cinnabon. The best cinnamon roll I've ever tasted that was as tasty was they smelled. Just because you have the palate of a horse doesn't mean you are the leading edge on cinnamon rolls. I think that's due to moisture content. Same reason I don't eat blueberry muffins when I go out way too soggy. I always ends up with parts that have no icing and buttloads of cinnamon. I'm with you. I work in a factory that makes a lot of cinnamon rolls and it has killed my want to eat them ever again. The Tasty vegan ones are FUCKING DELICOUS. Especially if you overcook them a bit. What about cinnamon buns? Ree Drummonds recipe on the Pioneer Woman blog is perfection. Store bought cinnamon rolls are always overhyped.  I am a human;No. You really aren't. I do gotta say the elements of the roll always seem so separated. Maybe if they had like a filled center? Even though CGI and animation has gotten better over time I still love movies from the 80searly 2000s better than movies today. The movies today are so preachy and lack any actual creative content and rely on the CGI to get them through. The movies plots have deteriorated and the creative process is now a fine line of what is acceptable and what isnt. Movies arent the same as a 24 year old I prefer movies back in the day compared to the ones nowadays Because you're probably comparing the average movie today to the best movies from the 80s to 2000s. Most movies from the 80s to 2000s were every bit as shitty as most movies today. You sure you don't have a selective memory? Are you remembering all the movies? People always just want to be doing something new and afraid of having a good time due to all the Kens and Karens.  Things like stickball and going to the movies are fun as ever. Man this is such a boomer opinion. The types of movies being made largely depends on who it caters to. A good movie is entirely subjective. Same goes with music. There have always been shitty movies/songs and will always be. The difference is you remember a few 'classics' from then and are comparing to today's. They weren't that great in the past either. It's a pretty weak and restricted format for storytelling. Everything is so unoriginal these days We knew in the 80's that political correctness would ruin entertainment.  And it looks like we were right.  I'm most surprised what it did to sports.  Completely unwatchable. I think nuclear weapons have prevented world powers from going to war with each other directly. I hear people talking about nukes being terrible but maybe they've done more good than harm to the world. With respect I think this is a naive view. The world is far from peaceful and the threat of nuclear war or nuclear mishap is perpetually looming even if the issue isn't in vogue right now. Ooof! You seriously need to bone up on how "peaceful" the world is right now. Shockingly the world hasn't changed all that much. uh no you are very wrong Fair point. This is why we havent had a war between two major countries since WWII. It's always been a superpower against some sort of developing country. I mean we do live in the most peaceful time know in human history but if shit goes south we all gonna be dead. But people still have these extinction balls. People still can use them. Japan already paid the price. I don't really want another Mutual assured destruction is a bittersweet thing Where is this peace you speak of Nukes aren't necessary If every nuke was destroyed nothing would change much.The USA and Russia would be safe since they have the most massive militaries in the world and other countries like Canada and China since they are allies with them. Every single country has an ally that can help in a war effort be it through additional food or soldiers.And since war is very expensive in both money and lives no country went to war based solely on monetary gain or land. It can be one of the reasons but never the only reason other reasons are based on Nationalism or Revenge which happen regardless of presence of nukes.War will eventually happen and one of these times the USA or Russia will dragged into it since the war involves one of its allies and more often than not no nukes will be used.This might be a bad take since I wrote this in a few minutes but here is my two cents.TL:DR Countries have so much firepower that nukes aren't necessary. There is truth to that but it's oversimplified.  A lot of the heavy lifting for the peace in our time is done by our global trade networks and alliances.  If nukes disappeared tomorrow it's not like WW3 would break out the next day... or for the next couple of decades. So Ive seen a lot of posts about my SO drinks 2 beers / glasses of wine a night are they an alcoholic?Its culturally relevant Im from the UK through personal experience I know what alcoholism is. Having a couple of beers a night and getting drunk on the weekend doesnt make you an alcoholic especially in your 20s. Stop fucking shaming people for having a good time. Its a few beers / glasses of wine not crack. If you dont drink fair play. But stop making out that people who like a drink have a substance abuse issue. Cheers. If you're drinking every day and getting smashed on weekends you're definitely an alcoholic. Age is irrelevant. Younger people can just handle being an alcoholic better because their bodies metabolize alcohol better. Drinking like that for mere months will likely lead to severe withdrawl symptoms if you stop cold turkey just saying. If you drink this much and decide to stop consider tapering down.... If you don't there is a chance you can have a seizure and die People mixing up heavy Drinkers and alcoholics is pretty common. Unless a person has a physical and or mental dependency on alcohol they aren't an alcoholic. Not to mention two beers a night is hardly what I would call heavy drinking. Seeing as everyone commenting on this disagrees with the post shouldnt this be upvoted as an unpopular opinion? Or does this subreddit only upvote things that are actually rather popular. Of course it does. Youre in denial of being an alcoholic The general rule is 7 drinks in a day are bad and 14 in a week is bad. (College training that they makes us do every year) so if someone is exceeding that then I would say they're alcoholic. I know so many people who have some beer or wine at dinner pretty much every night. Its totally normal. Its definitely a cultural thing for its its considered normal or not. Where I live its no big deal. To me an addiction is something consumes the person. And Ive lived with addicts most of my life so I have a good idea what that looks like. Thats not what a couple glasses of wine at dinner are. I believe that the urge teachers have to assert authority within the class is incredibly unnecessary and that everyone should be treated equally within the class to create a sense of mutual respect. There are so many cases of teachers being disrespectful towards their students during class such as refusing to let them go to the bathroom answering their phone calls yelling at them for being 5 minutes late when sometimes they can be late too drinking coffee when meanwhile students are not allowed any beverages other than water in class and they get away with it. I've noticed that I kept being in touch not with the teachers who treated me as a lesser being than them but the teachers who treated me as their friend. The teachers who can really reach to students are never the ones who impose authority over them and never will be as this mentality is in my opinion old fashioned and needs to be left behind. I would cringe if I ever heard my sons whining about school like this. Good teachers are a gift bad teachers are a fact of life. Good students get good grades regardless of their teacher. Do you think every boss employee customer is going to be perfect? Your success is your responsibility. Your teacher is trying to raise you to be a functional adult.If your teacher took social calls in the middle of class routinely abandoned the classroom to go to the bathroom was late to class etc. they'd be fired.  Asking you not to do these things is not unreasonable if you ever hope to be an employable adult.Teachers with high standards got my respect just fine just as I regularly earned theirs  if a teacher isn't "connecting to you" because they won't let you text instead of learn then it's a good thing that someone's holding your feet to the fire before detentions start turning into a record of being fired from jobs.  Catering to slackers who don't deserve respect would definitely lower my opinion of a teacher though. Thankfully in high school most of the younger teachers know this (unless theyre really young and feel the need to distance themselves since the age gap is so small). finally a good thinking person real conversation:Mrs. S what can I do to improve my grade?How about going to academic bio? A teacher just doesnt have to deal with you. They have to deal with all the slap dicks that will take advantage of any leniency in the rules. The same thing happens for adults. The world treats you like an idiot in order to save the idiots. These constant posts by obvious children are making me want to unfollow this topic. Just look at Captain Marvel Birds of Prey Ghostbusters 2016 and how all they had going for them was their politics.And once these movies fail the actors and directors go on the attack accusing fans of being all sorts of awful things. What I want are writers who understand the characters rather than writers that look like them because just because you look like someone else doesn't mean you'll understand them as an individual. I'm not sure those were politically motivated I think the studios thought that's what people wanted and that's what they would pay for at the box office. They were wrong I think they're going to readjust their strategy. How were those movies political? Having a largely female cast or lead does not make it political. Hollywood has tried the "anyone who doesn't watch our movie is a racist/sexist/transphobe/babyeater" thing a few times.It works out the same every time.I have no idea how they keep finding producers dumb enough to think it'll work. 4 female ghost buster the feminist are taking over! Regarding Captain Marvel: "The film grossed over 1.1 billion worldwide making it the first femaleled superhero film to pass the billiondollar mark. It became the fifthhighestgrossing film of 2019 and was the 23rd highestgrossing film of alltime during its theatrical run."x200B;So how did it fail? Also Birds of Prey was the fourthhighest grossing film of 2020 and while Ghostbusters failed to make back its budget it still grossed over 220 million. That's why I like comic books like Wet Moon. One would think that it was the biggest SJW comics ever considering that many of the characters are LGBT there is a wide amount of body shapes and the author herself is a transwoman. Yet all of that is simply incidental and it is a great series because of the artwork and story and the LGBT and various body types are merely incidental. None of those movies were about politics. The fact you think they were is interesting. Uh.. that's the popular opinion. Look at how well those films sold. If a film can't stand on it's own then people won't like it.Star Wars had the same problem where the last film made HALF of what the first film in the Disney Trilogy did.PR does it's best to spin the narrative but it's the silent movie goers who vote with their wallet who decide what's quality. Look at Star Trek look at Dr. Who. If you start compromising the narrative of your film to create political points then your film ceases to be a film and just becomes political drivel. One word here sidewalks. Im not against people riding their bikes or walking but they should have access to a sidewalk to engage in that. Motorcycles and Amish buggies should be just flat out illegal. The only things that belong on a road are cars. I see so many motorcycles riders out there without helmets and I honestly cannot help but think do they have a death wish? There is a reason doctors refer to them as donorcycles. Amish buggies are a whole different story. They. Are. Being. Pulled. By. A. HORSE. As anyone who has ever been around a horse knows they are easily spooked and can go ballistic when spooked. A loud noise or an accidental jolt of a car horn bam car accident. Remember my post about me thinking Amish buggies shouldnt be street legal? Yeah an accident like the one that almost happened to me happened and in the same area. The horse died and the Amish person driving the buggy was critically and permanently injured. I think at this point those buggies should just be banned outright as should motorcycles. Keep walking and bikes to the sidewalks and use your car. Good thing smart people make laws not OP You dont see Amish carriages on the expressway and motorcycles are safe. Thank God you dont create traffic laws I have never seen a biker not wearing a helmet. I am just glad that the road designers are not as selfish as you. So how would walking in this(https://cdn.theunion.com/wpcontent/uploads/sites/3/2019/06/Highway49meetingGVU06221911.jpg) area work then? Just force them to get a car? Plows transport truck into pedestrian Get off the damn side walk! I saw a guy riding down a freeway on a motorcycle with nothing but a Speedo on so I would assume hes not longer with us Have you ever been around an Amish's horse? Those fuckers are well trained. The second and third place medals are just reminders that you lost. A trophy wall with all first place medals and trophies just looks better when people see it and it makes it look like you had a perfect run. I like to be reminded that I'm a failure. Keeps you humble. And I dont have any gold medals.... Hot take throw away your entire ego wall if you ain't first you're last Even the Olympic or national level ones? Buy massive eBay lots of awards/trophies/medallions for cheap and run a collection that eventually rivals the greatest of highway side attraction. Fill a room in your house and leave the door peeked when company comes over. When anyone asks just say "Oh I used to compete." Seal the door and wave off further inquiry. So instead of being proud you tried your best at the time be ashamed of it and hide it. Kind of a sad state of mind. Bro if you have silver you did not lose. You lost to one person and probably beat a dozen or more.  So whenever you get a misquito bite you start itching and it hurts a little . This will continue for a few days. When you get a wasp sting it hurts like a bitch for a while and then it barley hurts and then in a day its gone. I much prefer the quick and done pain. Idk how unpopular this i agree Nope I get bit and it hurts like a mf then 24hours later I get a large local reaction (last time my arm swelled for a week) and it itches like fuck for a week. Im borderline anaphylactic for bee and hornet stings. Id prefer a mosquito bite. I must be special because I rarely have mosquito bites that are itchy and painful past the first day I get them. Mosquitoes are apparently the most dangerous animal/insect in the world too which i guess makes sense. So the wasps would be the better choice anyway. If youre talking about getting bit by a bunch of mosquitoes I agree but if youre talking about a singular bite from a mosquito vs a sting from a wasp I would much rather take a mosquito bite If youve got mosquito bites that hurt for days youve either got mutant super squitoes or are having a harsh allergic reaction. Im that one person in the group that mosquitoes target for no apparent reason. I will never just get one mosquito bite. After an hour or so outside everyone else in the group is fine and I will have like 15 bites.  Also bug spray doesnt do shit for me. I 100 agree. Another post on here said that its not cool to post a pic of yourself crying. Yes. Exactly. This fake Im real too and Im not perfect. Like get over yourself. No one thought you were perfect and no one feels better from seeing your paragraphs long rant about your inner workings. I followed you because you paint pretty things. DISCLAIMER: unless thats what your Instagram is there for like a therapist or something like that. Interesting opinion. I agre with you. I agree if we're talking about someone who posts photography of food or scenes and then rants about their realness. But I do think it's bad that so many people broadcast straight up lies about their lives as if they're true. Instagram is mostly people spreading the myth that it's possible and necessary to spend most of your life traveling the world on private jets and posing with your sixpack or 10 inch waist on yachts and just spending an hour a day hustling your daytrading or passiveincome or whatever bullshit people say so they don't have to admit they're prostitutes or their father is a white collar criminal. It's shitty to lie about your whole life for status and that's still true on social media. And sadly it is rare and good to be authentic including on social media. So I do appreciate when people are authentic on social media. One of my favorite things to do is pop open a cheap bottle of Black Velvet after work and kick it to some Laura Branigan and Depeche Mode while reading news or writing. I love the solitude of being able to enjoy this kind of intoxication alone without worrying about something bad happening to you or someone you don't trust taking advantage. But everytime I do this my girlfriend has a somber tone about it as if I have a huge issue or something and everytime I tell my parents that I do this they always look down on it. Super annoying it's way better and SAFER to drink alone than it is to go out and party and drink (I'm 21 btw). I just like to spend my weekends clearing my mind so I can be a stronger and better man on the weekdays. Oh yeah and last time I went out and tried to party (Before you know what happened) I got mugged so... Yeah never again.  As an ex Soldier and Cop I 100 agree. I like to drink as much as the next guy but I'd rather do it in an environment where I won't make an ass of myself hurt anyone or risk my career. My favorite thing on my days off is to pour like four  shots of cheap whiskey and top it off with a can of soda and play video games. I do it maybe once a month but Id rather do that than go a bar with friends It's not like you have a choice at this point.  Bars are closed in my state. Then it's no big deal to kick it to some Laura Branigan and Depeche Mode while reading news or writing and NOT popping open a cheap bottle of Black Velvet right?Or is it?And if it is what's so important about the Black Velvet?Drinking alone is a red flag for alcoholism for a reason  and the reason you hear "the first step is admitting you have a problem" is because every alcoholic ever insists that they don't have a problem but is extremely defensive about trying to do things without booze.If your girlfriend and parents and other people who love you are telling you it's a problem it's not because they're jerks.  It's because they care about you. parents  who say they want their kids to man up and take care of themselves at  18 are simply ones who are dying to no longer take financial / parental  responsibilities of their kids. Any parents who have raised their kids  right would've instilled value of hard work and the kids voluntarily do  things to achieve success in life without this "tough love" life  lessons. In comparison kids of certain ethnicities live with their parents well through their college years and beginning  of their career pretty much up until their marriage and imo have much  stronger bond in general with their parents at adult than Americans.  Lawsuits between children and parents are almost nonexistent in those  regions and are extremely frowned upon when it does happen.the  most responsible 18 year old pursuing his education while supporting  him/herself will be able to do it one way or the other but this is  seriously crippling to their potential advancement in life. if these  parents really cared about their kids reaching their maximum potential  they should give a little boost at their most critical time of  transition to adolescent instead of putting a huge roadblock in their  path. It shows the only reason they cared for them was legal obligation and likely would've done the same at younger ages had they been allowed. The parents who do that are assholes When I was 17 my parents were giving me shit for living at home still. At 17. Knew a set of adopted twins. Their parents started charging them rent at 15.  Doubled it at 18. I agree with not kicking them out. My rules are if you are in school you get free rent however you need a part time job to cover your own personal expenses. If you are working I'd charge a small "rent" that wouldn't really be rent just a savings for when they eventually move out to get the basic necessities or for deposit. No. It means either go to school or get a job. You know be responsible for yourself. Guess what? You arent owed anything. So many accidents are caused by folks who are no longer fit to be on the road and its an issue that can likely be easily fixed by retesting every few years after a certain age. Alternative modes of transportation are readily available (Uber Lyft etc.) they would just need to learn how to utilize them if deemed unfit for driving. If you pass the test though youve got nothing to worry about. I think everyone should have to retake it every few years 16 to 65 is a long ass time. Everyone could benefit from a refresher we are driving around 1 ton objects moving at sometimes 75mph or through neighborhoods where children are playing. This is like 5th time this showed up this week. And they do check your state regulations. If you pass the test though youve got nothing to worry about.I suppose all the driving they did up to getting the license renewed wasn't a test in itself?In some states older people have to get their license renewed more often the older they get. The test should also be more like real driving. I remember taking my driving test. You have to do things in somewhat different ways from how you'd actually do them when really driving. When I passed all I knew was how to pass a driving test not how to drive a car in real life situations. I definitely learned how to drive after getting my license not before. Half right. "People ... should have to retake their road test every few years."There. Fixed it. EVERYONE should have to retake their road test every now and then.  I think 10 years is fair.  There's far too many bad drivers on the road that just barely got their license after failing their driving test 1 or 2 times and then they're set for life.  That's terrifying. In my country when you get older you have to retake it. And once you get to a certain age you have to do that every year. I saw an older lady with large glasses come into our establishment and stand 5 feet away from the counter ordering. Her daughter nudged her to the counter and led her by hand to a seat.  She was very blind.  Jumped in the driver's seat of their car and drove away. The test should be WAY harder I passed the test just for fun when I was 12 6070 are some of the best drivers and people only start declining at 80 I posted this same comment and it got taken down. Unpopular opinion the mods on this sub can eat it. Arent most accidents caused by young people? Older drivers are actually the safest up to a certain point. In calif. driver licenses are issued for 4 years and then need to be renewed. Depending on your record over the last four years you will just need to pay the fee or you could have to take the test again. Once you reach certain age you are required to do this every 2 years.personally I believe that the freeway should be on the driving test. The tester hands you an address and you need to get there by the city streets and come back by the freeway. You don't need to worry about me (70). I hardly ever drove before but since the Covid hit and I discovered and fell in love with grocery delivery I only take my car out of the garage once a month for 30 minutes just to keep the battery from totally going dead. I never really enjoyed driving that much. It was a necessity when I was working but now it's not  I really don't miss it. I'm still an excellent driver though. Ha! Here is my own copy and paste from this exact same opinion from 2 days ago:According to Autoinsurance.org ppl are 60 are the deadliest drivers in 0 states. Driver age 2024 are deadliest. In 36 states.  Get over it elderly ppl aren't the issue younger ppl are. I demand kids age 1624 are retested every year. If they fail they lose their license until they're 25. Here a 95 yearold woman crashed into an electricity pole killing herself and knocking out power for thousands of homes. It's sad that someone so old should go out like that but everyone I know has had the exact same reaction: "What was a 95 Yearold doing driving!?!" Nasally singing is a perfectly healthy and normal style of signing.It's not a mistake or a sign of bad technique. It's an artistic choice which has been used in countless successful songs.When people say they hate a singer with a nasally voice they're admitting.that they hate them for a subjective opinion which has nothing to do with singing skill. Just had this debate. Listen to The Holdup I don't hate people who sing nasally. I hate the way people who sing nasally sound I never quite understood the fascination in movies TV shows or real life behind watching clouds form different shapes seeing stars light up or seeing a solar/lunar eclipse come around every few years. Most of this stuff happens every night and it doesn't feel any more special because they're usually the same constellations or patterns of clouds everyday it's nothing new. Also a solar/lunar eclipse is literally just the shadow of either the moon or sun and people make it out to the greatest event in human history for 10 seconds and then immediately forget about it. It's so pointless and if you're really interested you can find it online and you wouldn't be missing out. Seriously way too people hype up some of these activities when it's not all that to begin with. You really ought to find more joy in life. I feel tremendously sorry for you. Nature is beautiful type in 'overrated' in the search bar and you will see how 'overrated' using 'overrated' is I'm with another commenter on this one. You gotta appreciate the small beauties in life. The stars the moon the planets. All have a certain grandeur to them. Have you seen Saturn through a telescope? I can assure you it's lifechanging. Well its calming and helps me relax Yes I do enjoy the su reddit it is funny but I think it can be harmful because I can make teens with actual mental illness fell like they are just overreacting an like there feeling dont mater and it should be taken more seriously 14yearold's in general are going to have their hormones in full swing and part of that is saying stuff is "deep" without irony. It's not harmful to poke fun at it it's arguably more harmful to make having a sense of humor about it taboo. But Iam14andthisisdeep is less about mental illness and more about shallow wisdom. I'm fourteen with depression and I don't feel insulated by the sub what's important for kids their my age is to seek help and not fake internet points. Now you may ask why? Why the fuck would you eat something that cold and nasty to the point where it's equivalent to eating it raw? Well to explain that I don't know why. I really do not. There's just this weird appeal to it biting down into a slightly cool fish stick that's soft but not to the point of soggy. I've enjoyed eating this more than I have when normally cooked.How do I achieve this? I microwave them until they're not to the point of too hot but just enough to defrost them and make them not ice cold. They're also much quicker to make.Man I am going to get shit for this aren't I? You go man nobody can argue about what they find delicious. You like fish sticks? You like putting fish sticks in your mouth? What are you a gay fish? I dont enjoy fish sticks either way Some sort of automated system. Conveyor belts drones robots that literally just travel in a straight line to the table. Anything to bring the food about 8 metres from the kitchen to the table. Could you expound upon The industry is too pathetic and embarrassing? Making a reliable drone/robot/conveyor belt system takes a lot more time and money to create rather than telling a teenager bring them food for 8 bucks an hour They should definitely do that for low end restaurants where service doesn't involve anything beyond taking orders and bringing your food. High end restaurants should keep hiring servers because they are actually professionals who know how to make guests feel comfortable (i.e. not OTT with the chattiness don't bother you every 10 minutes to show they "care" about you so they can get tipped more). What about bees How will actors make money? Reddit won't like this but you're probably right.  Servers/waiters are mostly a makework position  nice for a customer who feels like bossing someone around and making them fetch things but an inconvenience for most others.A lot of fast food places have already experimented with touchscreen ordering systems and preordering apps to replace the person whose job it is to punch your order into a computer and the popularity of things like Doordash (even precovid) shows that a lot of people just want restaurantquality food without having to deal with the whole song and dance with waiters and seating and "atmosphere."I doubt they'll disappear entirely but it's definitely an industry that's due for a lot of replacement with automation. What makes servers pathetic and embarrassing in your eyes? Lol your fix is convoluted. It would be easier to just have people go get their own food/drinks/condiments from a certain area. i hate the users on reddit who feel above others and use things like "reddit hivemind" and follow the idea that popularbad. reddit cant possibly have a hivemind considering how absolutely fucking large the platform is. but yes continue feeding your ego and making up for your lack of likeability. "I know I'll be downvoted into oblivion but just hear me out before you hit that downvote button like the rest of the hivemind" The first sign of someone who's gonna be an overly offended victim while calling you a snowflake. Yep People DM me every week spamming emojis cause of my name. They cant seem to get that my name is fucking satire pls stop its annoying Ironically Ive found the people who constantly complain about the hive mind to be far more annoying than the actual hive mind itself.Especially when its their only response to being downvoted or the majority of people disagreeing with them. We also hate it. May be alittle of topic but the political hive mind is way more annoying But srsly I'm sick of saying hivemind and I'm also sick of the hivemind First of all I agree it's annoying WHEN it's used wrongly. Second of all Hivemind is a real thing. Saying that it doesn't is somewhat naive in my eyes. Why do you think some subreddits don't show the upvote to downvote numbers when a comment is made for a certain amount of time? I'm certain this subreddit has it too.Saying hivemind doesn't exist because reddit is a large platform is such a weak reason OP. No offence to you. I'll give two instances of hivemind I've seen happen.There was that story about that kid who faked cancer to get karma on r/Ama. There was a guy who made a detailed comment about how the kid's story didn't make any sense. Then came the downvotes and threats. Some time later the kid came out and said that he was faking cancer for karma.Another example I seen was when some guy I seen on r/deadbydaylight told the OP to credit the artist of a drawing he posted. 2 downvotes as soon as that conment came. Then those 2 downvotes turned into 40 downvotes. Simply because he told OP to give credit to the original artist.  I'm not going to say hivemind happens every time but it does certainly happen and while a lot of people use the term too obsessively sometimes there are instances when hivemind is genuine. Reddit is absolutely predictable. You know what a comment is going to say by reading a few words. You can guess the replies by the title. You can even guess which sort of replies you're going to get.You know the popular bullshit statements it's the same ones over and over again and you have to correct them in the same way over and over again.99 of Reddit are like NPCs who just repeat whatever the hear. They can't defend it because they don't know why it's being said. But they believe they're right because the majority can't be wrong and they're not afraid of your attacks because you're attacking a huge popular idea instead of them. They know the risk of thinking for themselves and they're not interested in it. And in turn I'm not interested in them!If hearing the word "lolicon" makes you go "but they're actually a 800 year old vampire!" in a mocking tone you don't deserve to speak about such serious topics. If you've collected every concept related to rightwing politics internet culture video games men and racism into one big stereotype which must contain either none of all of the aspects then go fuck yourself because holding a conversation would require me to dismantle something in the realm of 100 wrong assumptions before we can ge to the issue at hand.inb4 "But what about Y? it's even worse!" or some emotionally charged argument on politics or morals which I already took into account when writing all of this. Some video games glamorize killing and bludgeoning people like GTA V but that does not make people want to do that in real life. Video games are an escape for most people like me from our real lives not some violence provoking game. Is this really unpopular though Not an unpopular opinion.The vast majority of people are well aware video games don't cause violence. That argument is used by a very small group of people who try to use video games as a scapegoat for other societal issues. Not o ly is it not unpopular but science backs your opinion. Good brain Depends. They can make you learn aggressive scripts which is an automatic process as far as I can tell. They can make you more frustrated and can thus lead to being more aggressive. They can make you think that violence is an appropriate response. It's not just violent video games violent films can do the same thing. I think why video games have a lot more people yapping about them is because they are interactive. You can be Master Chief Doomguy Ellie Lara Croft Trevor and so forth. To a certain degree you control what they do. So if you had the opportunity to do what they do in real life would you? That's what people are scared about. That the answer is yes because we want to be violent. Personally as much as I love Chief Lara and Ellie I would not want to be them at all. Like literally i play gta cause i can be violent to fake things idk how people eat them. those 50 tiered cakes with each level having a different flavour. fuck no. those tiktoks of ppl making those smores cakes with marshmallows graham crackers and popping them in the ovens looks nice until they add 10 different brands of chocolate. idk how people tolerate them. they look so sickening i wouldnt be surprised if my teeth all fell out if ever eat them. i saw someone make a chocolate SANDWICH. they put a FULL SIZE CHOCOLATE BAR WITH NUTELLA FOR THE FILLING AND ATE IT. HELLFUCKINGNO Yeah thats why I kinda hate Hersheys. Its not overly sweet but it sucks I like Kit Kats better because the wafers though overly bland things also suck. Sometimes I have to drink a lot of water after eating cupcakes SALT! SALT YOUR CHOCOLATE DESSERTS PEOPLE! I guess people don't have their own tastes I HATE CAKE FOR THIS REASON! Icing is too sweet and the actual cake is too sponges and dehydrated. Id rather have cheesecake or ice cream cake i go movies with friends when it's just random friday night impulse film that i m neutral on but for ones that i really wanted to watch i almost always rather go watch alone. not 1 person around me understands why anyone would ever do this and think it's sad. its annoying as sht when a person next to me is telling me wut i just watched 5 seconds ago like we are watching different movies or giggle nonstop like a psycho hyena. anyone agree / disagree? Personally I go to movies with one of my friends who is also into movies just as much as me. She knows not to giggle or talk unless its appropriate so I just find a buddy who is just as interested in movies as you and chances are theyll respect it just as much as you. Agree 100. I do not have to compromise when I go by myself. Sometimes I get a whole theater to myself if I go early in the day. It's not a social activity you sit in the dark  don't talk for 2 hrs so there's nothing weird about going alone. It's more weird if you refuse to go alone. Well if you do something alone you are obviously sad and pathetic /sI mainly go with others because I enjoy their company. I get to see a film I want to watch and I spend time with a friend or two (I'll usually spend time with them outside the cinema so it's not just sitting in a dark room not talking)Tho if you want to watch a film you can do it with whoever you want. Whether that's 10 friends or no one. Who am I supposed to give my full recap and critique too??!! i dont see the point in going with friends people hate it when you talk during the movie. I hangout with people because i want to talk not just sit next to them silent. This has to be one of the most posted unpopular opinion here heh Plus it means you don't have to share your popcorn!  To clarify I mean that its better to have no friends than fake or toxic friends in your daytoday life (e.g. at school work etc). Ideally youd at least have one good friend that you keep in touch with if you cant find any quality people to befriend in your everyday life. But if the people you interact with on a daily basis are immature fake or just incompatible with your personality I think its much better to spend quality time with yourself than force friendships with people who drain you and/or dont contribute positively to your life. I was afraid you meant hallucinations at first But they love me as family and help Not an unpopular opinion imo. But people def cling onto toxic friends when they shouldnt Short story: In my home country the history course starts since 5th Grade and for the time period from 5th to 6th grade its basically ancient history covering pretty much most of the continents and many different civilisations that have lived and have appeared. I know that for many schools the Modern History and the Middle Ages get more attention but I strongly believe that one of the most important thing is to teach kids the ancient history because many modern ideas and beliefs used to exist many millenias ago. Or at least they were born in the very ancient and primal era.What I think Ancient History has to offer is the mindset of our ancestors and also many civilisations and ethnic groups who are currently on the verge of extinction/on the verge of losing their culture/language.There is really a backbone to this but I believe that it is important. im the uk (at least in england) literally all we cover is ancient history. its interesting a fair amount of the time but it gets so. damn. boring. trust me id know after learning about ancient history for 8 years straight. personally i prefer modern history stuff from the past 1000 years or so but ancient history has its perks All we cover in history in Canada is the world wars the roaring 20s and the Cold War. We have nothing else lol In my Chinese class we are learning about ancient China and it's really interesting The way I see it such phrases are irrelevant and used to invoke pity / sympathetic sentiments from the jurors and/or the judge and possibly obtain leniency for the criminal. It simply is an EXCUSE in my eyes. Just stick to the facts of the case. He or she did what they did in their current present situation. There are people with troubled pasts and abusive childhoods who grew up and are not criminals. So stop dangling this excuse like a carrot waiting for one or more people in the courtroom to bite. It may be a possible reason (which can be revealed after sentencing) but definitely NOT AN EXCUSE to be used to plead for leniency. It's lawyer speak. There's a set of rules and sentencing guidelines. A lawyer's goal is to minimize that sentencing time.Of course mandatory minimum sentencing is loosely related to this and is on the opposite end of the spectrum. Really it doesn't matter because prison is a racket anyway and morality won't get in the way of someone making money off that free labor. I think it should only be mention in trials where a mental health issue is the defense Reasons can definitely matter as a person who had these kinds of issues in their past can possibly be rehabilitated easier than someone who kills for pretty much no reason. Good thing smart people make the laws and not OP Yeah in most criminal cases lawyers are going to try to make the jury sympathetic. Its just how the system works. Bodybuilders are not athletes they are models.  When they participate in strength competitions they are athletes because there is a quantitative measurement of their results.  Bodybuilding competition is modeling because it is qualitatively judged. What do you call the activity that contributes to the body being built up? Exercise? Weight lifting? CrossFit? All a derivative of sport Sport Google definition: an activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another or others for entertainment. Then track and field isnt a sport either? Dumb Neither is golf or chess great glad that's settled This isnt an opinion. Its just a false statement Bodybuilding is not a sport Remember the old shady the one who was half insane insanely talented and wildly creative. Ya hes dead. This new Eminem is frankly not very good. Its all the same angry choppy flow over and over and over again. It doesnt sound good like drug ballad or my name is. Its not overly creative like Stan or Kim. Its not impactful like the way I am or white america. I honestly think the old slim would be embarrassed of what em is putting out nowadays. The old Slim Shady was also a bitter man who hated everyone in his life except his daughter and Dr. Dre and was perpetually intoxicated. People grow. you honestly think he gives a shit one way or the other? The old slim shady would have killed himself if eminen didn't decide to kill him off. Hes a middle aged man now shit happens  Remember the old shady the one who was half insane insanely talented and wildly creative. Ya hes dead. I'm sorry the old Eminem can't come to the phone right now. Why? Oh cause he's dead! Most people now have never heard of Rakim. He is widely considered to be among the very best emcees of all time. The problem? Hes still rapping and barely sells out small clubs. Musicians usually have a shelf life of creativity. If you stay long enough youll go stale. No way around it.You want a rapper who has been high level for over 30 years? R.A. The Rugged Man.Youre welcome... I don't think he has ever been good. It's either boring or depressing. Em has made it. He really has nothing to rap about anymore. That is why kamikaze an album focusing on drama was somewhat decent. Youre right. Eminem has been wack for 15 plus years now. I refuse to acknowledge anything after recovery No risk of biting down too hard to hurt your teeth I'm guessing its sterile right from the package no washing dishes and Plasticware is far more convenient to silverware in all categories. I think I have PTSD from biting forks too hard in my past. My friends and family think I'm crazy. Think about all the waste youre producing I dunno it's disgustingly harder to wash grease off of plasticware compared to silverware or chinaware. My plastic tupperwares still feel oily sometimes after the 3rd cycle of squirt scrub and rinse. The sea turtles choking on your plastic waste beg to differ A. Terrible for the environment B. Don't make light of PTSD OP Imo waking up early should be a habit as its just better than waking up late. The second option just makes you lazy. Waking up early gives you time to calibrate yourself and plan for the day ahead of you. As you've lots of time on your hands by the end of the day you'll be satisfied with how the day went if you utilised the time well. Yup that's about it.Thank you for coming to my Ted talk. This is indeed unpopular. Ok Ill see you tomorrow at 3 pm when I wake up. I work the night shift so.....I have no other option. I lost the ability to sleep past 830 even if I try so its really hard to say Nobody loves waking up late people just love having enough sleep. I would just wake up on time if I biologically could. I feel this post is in the weird middleground between popular and unpopular. If you do what I do and wakeup late but then stay awake well into the morning I feel quite productive. I also skip things like Rush Hour coffee and all the other weird things people do when they wake up too early and breakfast. Seriously I just woke up I don't want to eat something heavy.That being said the other member of my family wakes up four hours before I do but goes to sleep six hours before I do and basically passes out after dinner.Or you could go the college route because there's never enough hours for everything and so you just take naps when you aren't going to something which means you can get away with 45 hours of sleep. I have delayed circadian rhythm disorder. Its real look it up! Yes you can't be satisfied with what you've done in a day if you wake up late I agree but whenever I try to regulate my sleep schedule and do this I end up laying in bed for hours trying to sleep and ending up more tired then I was in the first place and give up :( What about people with circadian rhythm disorders? I prefer staying up late and sleeping Kate I don't rise until 2pm most days and don't sleep until at least 7am IV had jobs where I wake up early and it sucks.I can still callibrate myself and still get things done waking up early in the day doesn't promise anything makes me more lazy because I'm awake at an ungodly hour. Sleeping in doesnt make a person lazy. Theres no reason to wake up early every single day. I fully agree but I dont do it because I want to avoid people. Waking up early is amazing. I feel great and get so much more done... But I'm completely incapable of doing it. Stupid shitty body. There is no correct flavor for toothpaste Its flavoring and chemicals .You can come in any flavor you want I have  had chocolate flavor vanilla watermelon and strawberryBut if you go to the store you're likely only defined variations of mint and cinnamon In toothpaste  intended for adults.WHY!!!!! There's a reason why mint is not a flavor of ice cream  without mixing chocolate in it It's boring and it burns If someone gave me a chocolate  I would be much happier than if someone gave me a mint!!!In addition we've been developing artificial  flavors for decades! We could literally have any artificial flavor from any candy  and actually enjoy the experience  or even if you enjoy minit  have some variety!!!!But mint and cinnamon Make your mouth feel tingly or feel like it's burning so it makes you  feel  like your teeth are getting cleaner even though it has nothing to do with itHave you ever had to brush your teeth after having cereal or coffee with milk and sugar? The combination with the  cloying artificial mint it's disgusting  I can tell you there is no such reaction with vanilla toothpaste.Then why are there so few interesting flavors?!   And why are they relegated to mostly kids paste?  The stuff I'm talking about isn't training paste it has fluoride its regular toothpaste!And even those are often seen as just something for the kids to use until you can get them used to normal tooth paste)! As if there's some natural flavor that it's actually supposed to be when you pick it off of the toothpaste tree  instead of whatever they  picked at the factory. They taste bad so kids dont eat it too much and get sick. Because mint has been used throughout history as a pallet cleanser and breath freshener. Long before toothpaste people would chew on mint leaves to freshen their breath. I thought this was obvious? The mint covers up your stank breath. Its nasty when someone talks to you and their breath smells like morning breath or even food. Mint maybe makes your mouth tingle but its not for you; its for the people you talk to. Also you better keep your mask on. Kids toothpaste makes my teeth feel disgusting it always has even before I knew what mint toothpaste felt like Mint makes me hate brushing my teeth too Agreed so much agreement here in my country they are starting to use different flavours like lemon is my favourite much better than horrible mint. Yeah mint is nasty to me partly because it irritates my skin. Had this one shampoo infused with mint and my skin looked terrible afterwards. I NEVER use mint tooth paste unless its an absolute necessity and then my mouth burns a bit afterwards. Not sure if this is normal tho Ive actually never asked. Such a weird hill to die on I like the mint. Plus I remember reading somewhere that it's bad to eat right after you brush your teeth something about the enamel being weaker from bushing. So the fact that mint tastes awful with a lot of things probably discourages people from unintentionally damaging their teeth by making anything but water unappealing especially damaging drinks like coffee and orange juice.But for reals I love minty everything including toothpaste and mouthwash Mint is my favourite flavour. Add mint to chocolate? Better chocolateOffer me a mint? Yes pleaseMint toothpaste makes my mouth feel fresh and tastes good (to me) at the same time. That said my partner hates the taste of toothpaste. I see so many people posting links to their etsy advertising resin desk trinkets. They're so so ugly and usually serve no purpose. They're almost as bad as those resin necklaces that look like they were made by a 5 year old. They're clunky and tacky and just so dumb. I have a friend that makes resin ash trays and they all look like tireless barbie cars. STOP MAKING RESIN ART BECAUSE 9/10 YOURE JUST COPYING SOMEONE ELSE. OR it straight up looks bad. Like polly pocket jewelry FUCKING stop Agreed leave resin for people who need it. I agree. Resin has its place in arts such as artisan key caps sculpture and 3d printing. But the crafts you are referring to pretty much always turn out to be garbage on creation.Judging by how many randies I see at the Sunday market / on Etsy selling these plastic garbage abominations Id say this is an unpopular opinion. Good job.No account for taste I suppose. I'm pretty sure this an unpopular opinion because most people I know absolutely hate when their favorite TJs goto item is taken off the shelves and they have to wait a whole year for it return.But you know what? I love it. Gives me something to look forward to as the seasons and months change. Especially in this covid19 disaster of a year where everything is cancelled and life is putting out one fire and turning around to three more.  With all that I love knowing I can look forward to pumpkin bread mix cranberry sauce Holiday Popcorn speciality summer BBQ sauces and their seasonal Key Lime Pie. They have new flavors of classic foods AND new and unique foods to try every month! So while I might purchase and store 6 jars of Autumnal Harvest Pasta Sauce every year I won't cry when it gets taken off the shelves in December. how is this unpopular Uh. I like the valentines truffles. Havent had them in a few years. Do they still come around? Theyre like dark chocolate truffles dusted in cocoa powder. As someone who gets burnt whenever they think about the sun for too long clouds mean I wont be applying sunblock every 10 minutes. Also theres less people and because the air is cooler the water feels much warmer. I don't like the beach in general because I don't like sand. Its coarse its rough and irritating and it gets everywhere. Nooooo.... cloudy days at the beach have resulted in my worstever sunburns including one where I had to call in sick to work because the day after I had a fever and some blisters. But you get my upvote. Dont get me wrong I do enjoy their food but I cant get behind people who are obsessed with the fries. They are ok but i would take McDonalds or Checkers fries over them hands down on their own. Not considering dipping sauce. Agreed. However I am obsessed with their chicken nuggets. Those cant be beat. Not considering dipping sauce for chickfilas fries is like saying cookies suck not considering the chocolate chips. Its what everyone is referring to when they say I like chickfilas fries ChickFilA is overrated notwithstanding their politics. Their fries arent fried in beef lard like most fast food places so I can still have them vegan I have a theory that waffle fries are awkwardly shaped and take up more space in the fry box therefore giving you fewer fries than if they were normal fries which saves chic fil a money. Very much agree. I dont dislike them but yeah they are just okay. I'd say my biggest issue with them is they've got a lot of potato but are really soft. I never want limp soggy fries but I can put up with it a little if they're thinner/smaller like McDonalds fries. There's a lot more potato there with chic fil a fries and they're often for me at least pretty soft and limp. Even if they were more crispy I'd still say they arent the best fries out there. As I've gotten older I've realized that it's much more important to find a partner than a conquest. Outside of dating loyalty was always one of the more appealing traits in a relationship and I guess at some point it just organically extended to my dating life. I have friends who went the other way on this and every single one of them is miserable. Meanwhile I have exactly what I want in a partner. Plus I can still jerk off to a 9 on the internet if I ever get the itch. When you're a three what difference is there between a six and a nine? I joke.Really though this is the most common adult opinion. If you're in a relationship then stability and reliability is what gets panties wet. If you say you work nine to five and you spend your time mowing your lawn watching TV and playing with the dog you'll have 30 somethings falling all over you.Source: Extremely boring person everyone hits on me. Why not a ride or die 9? I mean just because someone scores high in the looks department it doesn't mean they automatically score low on the personality side. Not wanting animals is understandable you dont want them in your house or in your space maybe you dont wanna take care of them thats all good but its important to know before you have kids that there is a good chance your kid will be interested in animals and even if they arent theyre still gonna need to learn to socialize with them and/care for them as they grow up. When you have a kid a lot of their experiences are dependent on you. Theyre gonna want a pet of some sort and it can be frustrating to not even have a compromise or chance to have that experience in childhood. Im not saying you have to get them a dog obviously but when theyre ready a fish or hamster is a good compromise and is a lot more fair than my house my rules no animals.  Of course there are always external things like landlords saying no pets that cant be helped  but even then its important they get to go to a farm or zoo or have some way of interacting and learning about them. I absolutely hate animals and Im allergic to some furs.  Yet Ive had a dog hamster and fish bc my 3 boys wanted them at some point. Wanting animals is just spill over of our base desires to have children. When it comes to wearing masks as always both sides are wrong. They are both right when it comes to their objective reasoning but subjectively it's just embarrassing. The ProMaskers have a great argument that people should wear masks in order to minimize Coronacases and deaths. The AntiMaskers have a great argument that the government should never be allowed to dictate to people how they should behave and society should never force people to conform. Yes we should wear masks and yes mandatory maskwearing is a violation of rights. I don't understand why it's so difficult for people to admit that both positions are factually true. The problem however with both sides is that the motivational consequence is control. The Promaskers need to mind their own business stop calling out other people and looking around whenever they hear somebody cough and act like normal human beings. The Antimaskers need to stop whining and acting immaturely as to endanger the lives around them. It's as simple as that. If you choose a side then you're part of the problem. I wear my mask as often as I can outside but seeing other people not wearing masks doesn't bother me in the slightest because other people have the freedom to do as they please. This superiority complex that both sides have is becoming disgusting. Focus on yourself and leave other people in peace to do what they want. No no. Anti maskers are wrong. Period  I wear my mask as often as I can outside but seeing other people not wearing masks doesn't bother me in the slightest because other people have the freedom to do as they please.Imagine saying this about driving cars sober instead. it's not abt superiority complex's it's literally peoples lives at stake. the government was put in place to PROTECT us and its FAILING. it's the same thing as when it was mandated that everyone wear seatbelts everyone was pissed but it's kept thousands of people alive and SAFE. I will gladly mind my own business when someone else's business doesn't interfere with mine. but not wearing a mask and possibly spreading the virus to children the elderly people with autoimmune disorders or other health problems is just selfish and ignorant. i don't know how to get people to care about each other anymore bruh. The whole govt shouldnt tell people how to live their lives argument is dumber than a box of rocks. We already exist in a society with laws and there are certain things we have to do and certain things we are not allowed to do. Do you realize that people who deliberately choose not to wear masks endanger the health of people who actually care? Its not as simple as pro maskers "minding their own business". If you consider trying not to die from the pandemic "minding other people's business" then you are just ignorant. Nah.  Just put on a mask so just in case you might have COVID you don't spread it.  It's insanely simple.  Truth be told I don't care if you die because you don't want to wear a mask for 15 minutes but the fact is you can spread it to countless people.  1x2x3x4x5x6xinfinity is what happens.  Just suck it up for a bit so was ALL can just go out again. You cant really both sides this issue like you can with politics.  The medical professionals say masks are helpful in preventing the spread.  Anti mask people are just egotistical enough to believe that they know better than actual doctors. as always both sides are wrong.Uh what? This is some enlightened centrist nonsense. Wdym as always both sides are wrong? Where else do you see this to be true? I just want to go back to the office Do you view speed limits as a violation of rights? the government should never be allowed to dictate to people how they should behave and society should never force people to conform So does this include all things the government forces you to do like wearing clothing? or wearing a seatbelt? Both things the government dictates how you should behave and yet antimaskers have no problem with it? It makes no sense.Being antimask means you do not care about the health and safety of the person next to you. You do not care that the people around you would choose to endanger people's lives.The government has been dictating you how to behave since it was formed and people have been ok with everything it's forced you to do but for some god forsaken reason masks is what people have a problem with.It's hypocrisy to the max No only antimaskers are wrong and they deserve whatever shit thats going to happen to them. Yeah finally. A few days ago I was out running with my cross country team. We had masks on as we were warming up around each other then we took them off to run (we were distancing as we ran). As soon as we took them off we got stopped by two separate old people that wanted us to put them back on or leave. One of the old men was not wearing a mask himself. People are fucking stupid man. I as a female see nothing wrong with being a prostitute. I can see the downsides to it with a higher chance of getting STDs getting pregnant and (sadly) a higher rate of sex trafficking. But I dont think it should be illegal to do prostitution as a job since its just another way to make money no matter how dirty the work is.Men shouldnt decide what women do with their bodies. Period.Edit: Also male prostitution is included in my point. I was mainly talking about how old men want to decide what women should do. So of course male prostitution shouldnt be illegal either. If its legal there should be designated shops hourly rates and tax itd be pretty interesting tbh If only the prostitutes have absolute free will and they have the opportunity to serve whoever they want and cease to be a prostitute without any problems later in their life then I might agree with you.But with prostitution comes many unwanted outcomes. Particularly for immigrants and minors forced prostitution and sex trafficking are common. Secondly we are all trading our sweat and tears for money but selling sexual favors is more of a degrading and immoral profession than of a liberal choice that draws respect from others. Thirdly prostitution historically attracts many different criminal acts or harmful behaviours such as substance abuse organized crime and of course rape.Should the prostitution be legal enforcement agencies must make sure every person involved is not being held there against their wills. And if it is illegal as the Swedish have done successfully men should be punished for creating the demand. But in any case I am not in favor of glorifying the prostitution for the sake of subjectivism. Despite all the rationalizing it's a deplorable way of living and nobody deserves such a treatment. There are male prostitutes too Prostitution is legal here in NZ. They figured out that once you stop trying to stop it (it's going to happen anyway) and instead try to regulate it you get: Tax revenue Generally higher levels of access to healthcare and contraceptives/prophylactics  for workers Reduced stigma (though still some) Licensed brothels and locations that must meet health safety and privacy compliance laws (therefore higher levels of worker and clientele safety) Reduced instances of underage prostitution and trafficking Insurance and employment law coverageIn practice it's not 100 perfect but it's better than when it was illegal and sex workers spent a lot of time hiding some awful conditions from medical community and also many sexual assault/violence being swept under the rug. What old men want it to be illegal? In my experience the biggest anti prostitution campaigners are women. Both those citing "moral" reasons and a certain variety of feminists saying that sex work exploits women. Men need to decide what women do with their bodies. Lord knows you can't let them do it themselves that's how you get opnions like this. So much hype for no reason. Its literally a cartoon like the rest. I don't see all these super deep meanings people talk about the show having. I'm not trying to be an asshole. This is r/unpopularopinion afterall. type in 'overrated' in the search bar and you will see how 'overrated' using 'overrated' is For me too its good but there are many other shows what deserve those much recognition Zukos redemption arc didnt speak to you?!?!? The commentary on what makes people family unconditional love and forgiveness?!?!? It touched my heart as no childrens show had before. Mhm yes popular thing bad yes very good unpopular opinions living up to your name quite well Was gonna downvote but this is r/unpopularopinion afterall Did you watch the show? Just because you don't see it doesn't mean it's not there Your oldest friends stick by you through thick and thin but that doesnt mean they have to stick around if you constantly ditch them/prioritize other friends over them. Its not cool to treat your good friends poorly simply because theyve been with you forever. Dont take that for granted because they may well get sick of being put on hold. This is about as unpopular as the opinion that being a dick is bad. It's one thing to prioritise others once its another to constantly do it I always go by a "rule of thumb" in terms of order in how I prioritise clashing engagements:1. Importance (collectively; you and them)  e.g. don't ditch your firstborn's birthing at the hospital for the game.2. Order of scheduling  e.g. firstinfirstserve (unless 1)3. Personal relationship  e.g. dinner with your wife before pub crawl with your cousins (unless 1 or 2; cousins in town once every 2y and told you months ahead of time)4. Flexibility  e.g. how adaptable all parties are to moving things around if necessary (before COVID19 movies generally had multiple screenings ok to move by a weekend unless 1 2 or 3).I generally classify "whim" ("I just don't feel like going out") as part of 1 as it is important for me personally to recharge and be comfortable with the event/plans.Wow I just reread this and I think I'm nuts.... D: I like the salty crunch they have.                                                                                                                                        x200B;x200B;Since this thing wont allow posts within 160 characters let me tell you some peanut facts.1. Unlike nuts that grow on trees peanuts grow underground. Peanuts are a great source of protein (25g per 100g serving) and contain tons of healthy nutrients dietary minerals (magnesium manganese phosphorus) antioxidants dietary fiber and vitamins (B and E).2.  March is national peanut month. 3.  Goober is a nickname for peanuts and comes from nguba the word for peanut in the Congo. 4.  The average American eats more than 6lbs of peanuts and peanut butter products a year. 5.  Its illegal in the US to label a product peanut butter if its less than 90 peanuts. Who hurt you Well no one can really disagree with you if no one tried to eat peanut shells like you do. Yeah its the best then you can spit out the crunchy fibery bits or chew on them like cud if you're bored! The salty flavor is so good and the fiber doesn't hurt either! Can you even eat the shit or is it like the rind of a watermelon where nobody eats it but you can? for fact 1 peanuts aren't nuts they're legumes just letting you know! :) Do you eat bananas with their shells too? Or you can say "I like to eat whole peanuts." I'm not saying that they should be able to buy either of them but what's the difference? You can purchase a flask as a minor as long as their is no alcohol is in it but you can't buy smoking accessories even though there isn't anything you can smoke in it. What's the difference between a child buying their alcoholic parent a shot glass (not saying that all people who drink alcohol are alcoholics) and a child buying their stoner parent a one hitter? Both are wrong. Children shouldn't be able to buy drinking accessories or smoking accessories. Back in high school my best friend and I bought shot glasses so we could do shots of Mountain Dew. A glass can be used for multiple things.A one hitter is harder to find multiple uses for. Isn't nicotine much more addictive than alcohol? I think lawmakers are just trying to deter addiction in minors Shot glasses are collected as memorabilia by some people. Kind of like snow globes It's past your bedtime champ. Because while you can get a flask or shot glasses you don't have to use it for alcohol but smoking accessories are for smoking (im not even sure what classifies as smoking accessories?) I remember being a kid in Yugoslavia. You could walk into a shop and buy alcohol or cigarettes nobody would bat an eye. I remember someone I knew (15) walked into a liquor store bought 3 bottles of rakija (traditional Balkan alcoholic drink) nobody gave half a shit Don't get me wrong I love the show as much as the next guy but there's this weird vibe of "this show is absolutely perfect has no flaws and the greatest thing to ever be conceived and anyone who says otherwise doesn't know what they're talking about!!!!" in the fandom. I believe that there's no such thing as a perfect show or a perfect story and as good as Avatar is there's some parts of it that are just plain bad. The worldbuilding of the Air Nomad society is really underdeveloped for one. Everything about Aang's final fight with Ozai from the lion turtle ex machina down to the literal actual pointy rock that conveniently unlocked Aang's blocked chakra somehow was also pretty shady. I'm not even saying energybending is bad. It makes sense in the show. But a better way to have introduced it is through having Aang take some kind of spiritual journey into his past lives as the avatar or in the spirit world or even have him specifically seek out a lion turtle for help. Just have the guy be proactive in finding this solution instead of having it just be dropped on him by a literal god from the machine. I also think Zuko's redemption arc is kind of overrated. It works but its boosted in a major part by Uncle Iroh's nudging and not always his own decisions  and don't get me started on Iroh and the rest of the royal family especially Azula who is treated horribly in relation to her brother. Also Iroh's treated like this sacred cow among the Avatar fans when he's by far not perfect. (Remember when he laid siege upon a city full of civilians for two years? I remember. Nobody else seems to.) Nothing is exempt from criticism not even ATLA. Thinking critically about things is a good thing; ATLA fans know that right? But the slightest breath of disagreement is met with absolute rejection. I get that this show was formative for a lot of people but nostalgia is definitely tinting their glasses when it comes to their opinions on the show. Maybe this is all because I'm one of those mean nasty new fans but I think acknowledging that something has flaws shouldn't be scorned as much as it is by ATLA fans but nobody is ready to have that conversation yet. You lost me at calling Zukos redemption overrated Ok?  Sure knock yourself out.  I disagree with a lot of your points but I don't see anyone lined up to stop you. I like it but yeah some of the storyline was just bad in multiple ways it's only 3 seasons and not one person is killed which is just dumb even for a kids show. Still one of the best shows. I think a huge problem is season 3 didnt live up to the hype of season 2. Honestly it shouldve been two seasons not one. The first season is fire and it ends at the failed invasion. The last season is air and its about Zuko joining team avatar. Formatting your post so it's legible and isn't a block of text is completely unnecessary for engaging in basic communication with the rest of society.Also "Overrated"DING So many people on reddit are constantly hating on Homeowners Associations. An HOA is about setting an agreed upon minimum quality standard for the neighborhood and can greatly contribute to a home's value.No you shouldn't paint your house hunter orange; we have to look at it. No you shouldn't have an RV parked in the Culdesac for 51 weeks a year.Yes the 4 broken cars in your driveway need to go. Yes you have to more your lawn or put in some type of reasonable landscaping.No you can't let your weeds go crazy because they infect my yard and I have to deal with them.Yes I think we should all have to pay for the neighborhood pool and consistent garbage removal.Yes we should all pay to have the boulevard mowed and watered.Suck it up! You chose to live here knowing this!(I have heard of forprofit HOAs operated by private companies; I am not referring to that) I couldnt imagine a more hellish existence of living in a HOA neighborhood or suburbs in general. Take the rural pill and embrace the freedom to open your front door and take a piss in the morning without consequence. This is a popular opinion among homeowners.... homeowners still have to bitch about something though. Kind of hard to bitch about your job at the cookout when Steve two houses down is unemployed and his son Timmy got in trouble for biting a kid at school.... again. The problem is they abuse those doing nothing wrong and ticket you for leaving your trash can out 4 hours longer than its supposed to be yet blatantly ignore others who are wrecking the neighborhood by parking 8 junky cars in their driveway or keep rvs parked in their driveway for months. They can theoretically be a good thing but like almost all forms of government; there needs to be checks and balances otherwise abuse and corruption are all but inevitable. The real enemies are the HOAs that charge a fee but dont enforce their own rules I read "HOES can be a good thing". What you know best and what you can contribute to a conversation is your personality what youve seen and experienced what youve learned your hobbies your observations and your perspective.Of course asking questions listening and remembering things about the other person is great but I get suspicious of people who only talk about other people (who arent even part of the conversation) and who only ask questions about you. I feel conversations like that go nowhere and are extremely superficial. Maybe among people you arent closed to this is good but among friends and family its unproductive and weird.Note that this only applies to people who dont have an agenda or arent trying to one up everyone by talking about their achievements and interrupting others. Thats annoying.I like chill conversations where everyone chimes in talking about their own experiences and perspectives. I heard no mentions of me in that post your point is therefore invalid you hypocrite Im curious as to why you feel suspicious when someone is primarily asking you questions. You mention superficial but its the opposite. You have someone caring about what you say. Normally its people just like you that just want to talk about themselves. Which is more superficial imo. As a question asker myself Ive never had anyone take it like you do. People in general like talking about themselves more than anything else. People in general like that someone is actually listening to them. Sponges are disgusting bacteria harboring petri dishes. Just smell one. Instead I use my hand to the same job. Not only can it do the same thing but I would argue that you can feel more food particles than you can see and remove with a sponge. Try washing dishes with a sponge and then run your fingers over them to see if you missed anything. I bet you did. Ever heard of a brush? You do realize that you have to replace them...right?It's like a scrub thingy for showers and baths you're supposed to replace them. I wash my sponges in the washing machine. You can microwave a sponge and kill the bacteria. Disposable towels and sponges exist. As long as it isnt too cold why would I ruin my bed sheets just so I can sleep less clothed? I lose time undressing at night I lose time making my bed the next morning its easier to get out of bed. The only downside is if you have an SO or someone that wants your pants off. I shower after work/school/gym/etc then eat dinner brush and chill before bed. That way all I need to do is wash my hair in the sink and walk out the door. Lets just eradicate beds while were at it The trick is to not be the last person in bed so you don't have to make it. Poor you and your SO that wants your pants off This makes sense.  Usually I sleep in boxers and a tank top get under the covers but then throw the covers off and sleep that way all night. What youre saying is way more efficient and just makes sense. Dude a couple minutes shouldn't matter lol you don't have to rush through life I mean where's the fun in that? I feel like drivers only use car horns to express frustration like if someone cut them off or if the driver in front of them didnt realize the light turned green and is just idle at the intersection.I think if drivers used their horns for simple things like reminding other drivers that theyre next to them or to tell a driver who is about turn into their lane that theyre approaching itll make driving safer because now you wont ONLY have to hope that another driver sees you because now they can hear you too granted that their music isnt super loud.Also I think itll make road rage incidents occur less. The only downside i can think of is annoyed pedestrians. I feel like that would increase road rage not decrease it. In New York this is done all the time. You beep to signal going you beep to signal a light change you beep to signal having to do something urgently such as switching multiple lanes. On highways it's used to signal people drifting out of their lane. I beep my horn a lot because I know a lot of people don't have much experience driving and it's much easier to annoy someone and prevent an accident than get into an accident. Especially in cities where people aren't familiar with what's going on.There's a lot of communication involving horns but most of it gets attributed to road rage because people who drive on less populated roads aren't used to having to signal multiple things so get nervous that they don't know what is going on. It's kinda wild that CB radio has been around since before I was born wireless mesh networking is everywhere now and car drivers are still trying to convey messages to each other with honks. I'm all for honking when someone's getting too close or doing something wrong but it shouldn't be normalized to the extent that it is in most of the world. Have you been to countries where people honk CONSTANTLY? Imagine hearing dozens of honks constantly every minute no matter where you are even inside buildings near windows and walls. It's absolutely maddening. Not to mention the fact that honking becomes completely meaningless and useless once everyone is honking constantly. Someone's about to hit your car? Honk and they won't notice it or care at all because 600 other cars are honking within earshot at that very millisecond. If you normalize the sound of a car horn then the car horn ceases to be a warning signal. It becomes the "boy who cried wolf". I've seen it so many times. A guy I know who became a pilot is miserable in his career and complains about it nonstop yet posts about his amazing "office views" and how lucky he is. One of my good friends is in an awful marriage and tells everyone on FB and IG how happy and lucky she is when in reality she cries about it almost every time I see her. Thats not unpopular thats unfortunate. They're probably just trying to deceive themselves. "I should be happy in this situation!" This is too true. People use social media as an outlet for their crumby lives. No judgement but most of the screen slaves I see almost always have terrible lives and use social media as an outlet to distract themselves because they dont want to face up to reality. Competition...ppl want to win...social media is a vehicle for that I see a lot of survivorship bias in general. While these stories do act as an incentive there are a great deal of privileged people who believe these are blueprints to escape poverty (whether that be monetary social etc). My favourite quote about survivorship bias is I interviewed 1000 people who had a gunshot wound and concluded that gunshot wounds are never fatal (probably paraphrased but you get the gist) I just read a quote recently that was something like "skill is equally distributed but opportunity is not."I can see the truth in that. There are some people that have more opportunities than I did and they either waste them or dont take advantage of them at all. Survivors biase is a big issue in current social media. For every success story we have hundreds of people who did not make it out alive. Some people seem to forget that we basically live our entire lives by survival of the fittest. Some people survive and make it out of poverty some people don't. Is it fair? No. If it was nobody would be in poverty. Absolutely agree. Opportunity is luck based. Not everyone gets the same chances and they arent given the same tools to accomplish goals. There's a valid argument that some people get luckier than others but I'd think that after some point if you're good and you're putting yourself out there all the time it becomes a numbers game.Maybe not the case for something too specific e.g. "I want to be a CSGO pro." But if instead they're repeatedly trying different things to break out and make a living doing what they like you'd have to think EVENTUALLY something might catch. You only need to get lucky once. I get that for many people new to a country/city it's the easy job to get. Having done it myself (McDonalds  a movie theatre) I know it can suck but you need to be able to communicate with your customer base properly. This goes for retail stores fast food gas stations etc.  If you want to work in the grill/kitchen/warehouse area where you don't have to talk to customers that's totally fine but I've seen/had it happen personally where basic instructions get messed up and the issue of the language barrier sticks out like a sore thumb. Over time that costs the business and the patience of customers. Communications just as vital in the BOH Eh I work in a field where I have a large amount of technical knowledge but I don't speak the language of my customers. We muddle through it sometimes with a third party or someone inhouse if I can catch them sometime with translation software sometimes just with nodding and head shakes and thumbs up or down. The cost of ensuring your employees is multilingual is much higher than just delaying an order here or there. Local managers are usually pretty good about keeping someone around who knows less dominant languages. The turnover rates in service is way too high for anyone to reasonably expect a high degree in proficiency. If you're bilingual you can get far better positions than service. You get what you pay for duder. You want to pay shit wages you're gonna get shit service Completely agree. Good/clear communication is an essential part of customer service.This goes for if you have a speech impediment strong accent can't speak English properly etc.No hate but if you can't communicate clearly in English maybe a customer facing job in an English speaking country isn't the right job for you. Now during this event i was just i little default running across the map when the whole map turned to snow i saw a clip of the event and all that happened was the ice king broke out of his ball (haha i said ball very funny reddit moment) and turned the whole map to snow it was pretty underwhelming the event thats underrated is the final showdown the fight was epic and im glad mecha team leader won it left a cool landmark for the duration of season 9 and for season 10 thats all i have to say so peace out no sweat What game is this for? What are you talking about? It's just less biased overall. I'm sure that a lot of people may agree that the media is worse but I have read dozens of college studies that obviously attempted to cherrypick data to show a certain narrative. And college articles can be just as biased as news sources. One Wikipedia page can be written by dozens of different people from different backgrounds so you usually will get a lot of people correcting bias in wiki pages and removing data sources that used cherrypicked data.There are definitely many valid research publications and they are probably more solid than Wikipedia in general. Wikipedia is huge and not perfect. But most of that research finds its way onto a Wikipedia page somewhere anyways. That is because pretty much every wiki page is made from a collection of research studies and articles. I agree with the "Wikipedia is a better source than most news outlets" bit but if you look at Wikipedia's sources most of them are research studies and articles from institutions and colleges so I fail to see how Wikipedia is a better source than its own sources other than perhaps wikipedia is more concise and brief. Except the Wikipedia articles source academic sources. If you want better quality academic sources check that they're peer reviewed. That means that an outside source not associated with whoever wrote the study or research paper looked it over and agreed with the conclusion. It doesn't nessecarily get rid of bias but it's about as good as you'll get for any source Depends on what you mean by college studies and research studies? If you mean peer reviewed publications in reputable journals then no. Wikipedia would not be a better source. Understand that before an article can be published in a credible journal it has to go through rigorous peer evaluations. For the articles Ive published each reviewer sent over ten pages of criticism on what I wrote and my science there are at least 2 reviewer but 3 is the standard. If you publish something that is bad science or false it will ruin your career and has for multiple people. Wikipedia on the other hand can be manipulated by anybody. Thats why Wikipedia is never an acceptable reference. BUT I would add that it can be a good starting point many summary pages give you a list of references to read up on and learn from. I used to write all my college papers using Wikipedia. Then I would find random reliable sources and just cite them at the end. Always worked Yes. You can learn most things you learn from your undergraduate degree from Wikipedia or youtube without having to sit in a lecture hall with 700 people. I predict undergraduate college degrees will become useless in a decade. I also find that search results on Google can be biased too. If you search the same thing with DuckDuckGo the results will be more diverse. am i the only one who gets these adults who walk up to you and feel like they need to give you this random "life lesson" that you've heard a hundred times alreadylike you've known me for 5 minutes and you think it's appropriate to treat me like a kid like i know that I'm fucking 20 years old i understand I'm just starting adulthood but who put a coin in you?? how narcissistic ignore and self centered are you to think any of the advice is helping me or going to make me like you ya'll are literally doing this to boost your own ego like i know you fuck up your life but you don't know what I've been through or what I've done to get were i amthe worst part is it's always the advice that makes you go "you don't say Sherlock" i just talk to my brother's friend about animation and my art and guess what he told me? he said "you need to practice! and don't forget to get out of your comfort zone by doing different genres" um excuse me SIR I've told you from the start that not only have i done storyboards traditional digital comic books and a fuck tone of other things and you don't think i haven't and still haven't been doing that?? like EXCUSE ME DO I OWE YOU SOMETHING?? DID I NOT DRAW SOMETHING FOR YOU IN MY PAST LIFE OR SOMETHING??oh and the biggest sign your in one of these conversations or it's about to happen is the constant mention of their age i can't tell you how many times I've heard someone say "age i am 'insert age'" or "this is coming from" random age" and they keep bringing it up like their option means more because of it like i get it you have more life experience you don't need to tell me over and over again this also comes with the "I'm gonna talk to you like you're a fucking 6 year old" mode and everytime it just makes me want to punch them in the face it's the biggest form of disrespect to me cause it's clear they don't see me as a personI've been calling this the "i m adUlT" speech idk maybe I'm just over reacting but please tell me I'm not the only one who deals with this shit cause it happens so often to me and there is no way out of it without looking like a angsty teen or just a flat out dicklike it's funny but annoying and sometimes just flat out in raging it's like the "when i was young" but worse and more annoying and rude what's worse is these people will say fuck up things if they think you look younger like "good thing your not dating someone older cause they'd probably be a pedophile" then suggest me to date younger people underage like do you not have a fucking limit? or are you just ignoring? these people are usually trying to impress a group of people and these people will be the ones that ask you why you prefer to stay alone or only have a few people to talk to one on one yeah it's call people like you walk around and treat everyone like their lower down then you most of the people who do this have 0 life and claim they wish they were young then say it's never too late to learn to you why don't you take your own advice and mind your own business? my life isn't yours and if you think I'm going to stick around when you act like a narcissistic bitch and appreciate it then your a ignorant sack of shit that needs a life sorry if this seems like a rant I'm not trying to honestly i think these people are what are making life harder for the new age cause of how they act towards a newer generation it's just flowing toxic behavior at someone out of nowhere and treating them that nothing matters but their age and yas i see why people say you can only be 18 to do all that sex funny fun and be 21 to drink but making fun of people and belittling them because of then not being the age were they can drink then pouring a glass in front of them are just gonna lead to them wanting to do it then they'll just do it for other thingslast thing we need is for someone to start harming people just because adults made them hate or feel like they needed to drink at a young age to be "man" or some shit just don't mention it or talk to them about it like their a adult how hard is it to talk to people like a adults? apparently it's extremely hard for them for no apparent reason other than their pridesEditedJesus people just grabbing me by the toes and pulling me away with private messages asking me questions1 yeah i know this post is long i honestly zone out typing most of it2 as for the art stuff i went to art school (i drop out cause i wasn't learning anything and everything they were offering was free online plus they were very VERY sketchy... but no really i really regret picking big mistakes)  also i do all kinds of art mostly cartoons probably still gonna work at 2 or 3 faster food restaurants working on a ged  other things probably get into physiologically 3 apparently some people think i must have had a long past from this post or something?? i lived in a trailer park and was abused by both parents my brother realized how shitty things where getting so he took me in which I'm forever grateful but i need more jobs i only have 1 I'm also struggling with ptsd now and talking about my age doesn't seem to help this post was particularly me letting out that kinda stress 4 YAS GIVE ME ALL YOUR "GET OUT OF MY ROOM I'M PLAYING MINECRAFT" JOKES HAAHASEHDHDHHD but no really i was kinda hoping for memes pls and thanks5 i also wasn't saying adults shouldn't give advice they should just do it in a more respectful manner and in a less harmful way or at least show some bit of respect towards the person they talk to6 never said i know everything i never said i wouldn't take old peoples advice and yas i do get good advice but the good advice are from older people who actually care about my well being not a stranger that i met at a party who wants to get their fix of feeling important by stating  the obviousI'd say around what 20 of the stuff I've heard act helped me all are from adults that actually took the time to learn about my situation and figure out what problems I'm having and treat me with some form of respectThere's a difference between someone trying to give actually advice to help and someone trying to show off and boost their selfesteem I started reading one paragraph. And then I started scrolling and went fuck no Im not reading this. Not even a TLDR. Thats nice dear but you still have to clean your room Age usually  more experience. Most people dont mean harm by it. Nice short story. I think everyone thought they knew everything at 20 :) You will learn How fortunate for you that you already know everything at age 20. I wasnt that lucky at 20  I was an idiot like most other people that age. Looking back Im thankful for the life advice I got from old people. Some of it was useless but there were a few times it made a difference. Ok son that's enough TV time for bed. This is the price you pay before you can say the same thing to kids when you get older You're young and dumb we get it. Use less words next time. Ive always heard the phrase: someone may be 20 feet underwater and another would be 7 feet under but theyre but theyre both drowning. But I feel like I need to help the 20 foot under person because theyre less likely to be able to come back up to the surface.My disagreement with this has lost me a few friends. But Ive always felt its more important to address the person with more serious issues in their life even if I end up focusing on them more and neglecting others when they want to talk about a more trivial issue. Some people like to think no one has it worse off than another.. and that no ones suffering should be brushed aside.. but I just disagree and everyone Ive mentioned this to disagrees. Of course the one 7 feet under has a better chance of being rescued.  By only addressing the worst possible situation you will appear to be neglecting everyone else. I think it's the same sentiment as when people especially the younger ones say "Just because you're mad at this doesn't mean you can't be mad at that". It's like simply saying "Hey you know you can multitask right?". Yes we could but we should also remember that we have limits. We can't do everything there are times we got to choose. They're not the only ones who got problems so we choose what problem we can and will be worthy to carry on our backs I don't think there's an issue with that. For example if Im Russian and fluent in Russian and not Im learning English I should not be able to claim I am fluent if I still have a Russian accent when speaking English. I say this Bc if you have an accent that is not of that language(for example English has all of the US English Canadian Scottish Welsh Irish and Australian accents to choose from) then that means you are not properly pronouncing the words of that language. Fluent just means you have the ability to have conversations and state your thoughts in another language.  I'm pretty sure I can understand my Hispanic neighbors when they speak English and my favorite YouTube content creator may be Swedish (not that one) but I can understand him just fine.  So.. unpopular opinion because it's wrong? Yeah but you can get close enough and have full conversations with others possibly with more correct grammar and vocabulary. I disagree take my upvote Fluency isn't about accent.  It's about the fluidity in which you express your thoughts and ideas in a given language. People in Malaysia  the Scottish highlands and some isolated town in the USA might all be fluent in English but I can't understand their accents well.Because their English accent is different to mine.  And maybe they can't understand my local English dialect either.  But we're all fluent. English speaking people have soooo many different accents. So do Spanish speaking people. Not sure about other languages but if you can read understand talk  write on a regular basis then you should consider yourself fluent I had a seizure trying to read your whole post I dont even understand what youre saying LMAO. You are rightFluency has a definition Accents should not be considered handicapprovided they do not obscure the pronunciation of a word to the point where it renders its intended meaning intelligible to another fluent speaker of said language who is receiving the communication. When I watch a movie I prefer a lesser known actor/actress to play the lead role because if I dont know him/her I can better identify him/her as the character he/she is portraying. For example if I see Tom Cruse in a movie its hard for me to see him as an other person than Tom Cruse because he is a very well known public figure. Also often I find that lesser known actors tend to invest themselves more in the character they are playing because they are very aware of how lucky they are to have been casted for the role. Unis should go back to (or start) hiring people who can actually teach instead of those who flex meaningless publications in "fancy" journals with a corrupt submission policy. I've heard that academic textbook publishers also own journals. Unis need to buy their shitty books or else profs won't be published there.Unis should stop mandating research quotas from all their profs. They either suck at it or are running out of ideas or just can't meet the uni's publication quota. Academics have come up with a variety of bullshit research topics like systematic reviews to fill up their publication quotas.  Most humanities research is pointless. I love video essays on film but people need to go back to learning real shit again or at least not make pointless degrees like film studies and gender studies as costly as they are.  At best they should be free and at worst it should be free and they should give you a stipend to study it. Put quotas and have them be government programs at government unis.Same goes for the social sciences and STEM. It's so easy to manipulate data since a lot of it is stat based. We have so many biased professors already and forcing a bunch of profs to get published forces them to manipulate data to come with mediafriendly conclusions. John Oliver did a whole video on it.Business degrees are completely pointless.Companies should stop mandating degrees for business schoolrelated jobs. In the UK you can apparently go work for the government as an accountant (right out of high school) where they'll train for a couple of years and then you can get certified.  You can hop on to a masters afterwards without a bachelors.Premed is BS. PreLaw is even worse.Certification that you can get through exams administered by government bodies should be the future. You should be allowed to take them independently without the need for bachelors degrees.  Companies still mandate degrees. Stahp it. My main beef is when they ask me to like a video before I even watched it. Extra props to those who say something like if you liked the video then click the like button and if you want more videos like this you can subscribe True. Its chill if they do it then feels like theyre encouraging their own support and wrapping it up nicely. I'm pretty sure alot of people stop watching or move on as soon as the content ends so they say it up front. Honestly Im not bothered by it no matter where it is in the video unless they do it multiply times throughout. I can just tune it out or skip past it and i already know wether they tell me to or not Im gonna subscribe or like if I want to How about not say it at all. At this point in time people on youtube already know what to do if they care to This post is brought to you by RAID Shadow Legends People always say you should choose a major in college based in what you like to do and makes you happy . Or you shouldnt become a doctor or a lawyer or a even other majors like computer science (you can make well in the 6 figures if you get into Microsoft or google) if your only doing it for the money.But I think thats all BS. If Im making lets say 150k a year instead of 60k a year I will be very happy and like my job more as Im getting rewarded for it more. No one in essence likes working. So liking which ever job pays the most at the end is a perfect and adequate reason to choose that. Of you want to become a lawyer fir the money and you end up being able to finish the education and get there then I dont see any problem in that. Chase the money and the money will find you. Money buys you happiness Happiness is an invention created by the self help industry every human is just one tragedy away from getting knocked off happy mountain so when picking a major pick the one that pays the most your life will be better because at the end of the day even your passion eventually will feel like work The point is you can find profit in just about anything. If youre going to make money wouldnt you rather it be doing something you enjoy? I was watching a dumb video where this conservative woman asks college students what they would think if they put urinals in the womens bathroom and tampons/pads in the mens... tbh I would be down with both but my real question is why are there urinals in either?Its not like you need to pee in front of everyone in order to pee standing up. Why not use the stall anyway? Womens bathrooms only have stalls as well; I get that its because women cant use urinals but guys dont really have to use them either. So why have them? Would it not be easier to just make both bathrooms look the same?I guess other guys are comfortable peeing out in the open but does anyone really prefer it?Sorry this isnt very controversial I just thought it was unpopular because I havent met any other men that mind at all or even think about it. Ehhhh... In my experience urinals are quicker to use and the stalls tend to be fucking digusting Cheaper to install easier to maintain take up less space than a toilet stall and faster to use. I have never had a problem using them and don't see why we should get rid of them You can't get rid of urinals because it's weird having to stand on the toilet to look over the wall and say "Nice dick bro." Urinals are fast and part of the reason men's restrooms don't get crowded. They take up less space and leaves stalls free for people that want to use them. Urinals save on space. For every 2 urinals you can only have 1 stall for that space. You save space and can have more people using the bathroom at once if they are just pissing. Most people don't care to stand next to others to do so either so it isn't a problem for most.Urinals are usually cleaner as well as people can't purposely mess them up or not clean after themselves as others are around. Someday most bathrooms will be unisex and they'll just build stalls to not be garbage... Yet another thing America has fallen behind in...Until then there's no reason to remove urinals... They're nice. Why does everyone want to take things away rather than making things better? I think I saw Kaitlin Bennett gun girl ask this in one of her videos? Personally I think it's stupid to have separate bathrooms for men and women there should be one unisex bathroom that everyone can use with both urinals and stalls. This isn't rocket science I don't want to pee all over the seat in some bathroom stall. I'm a guy and it's very possible I would do that despite my good intentions I hate urinals. It's fucking weird they're so close together and I have no idea where to look. Get rid of the urinals and I'm pissing in the sink. There's a reason why the lineup at the men's washroom is always shorter than the women's. Man hunt is a game like hid and go seek but when you are tagged you join the seekers. Sometimes the folks you are playing with will decide that after the first game the first one tagged is going to be the next one it. I think this is an awful idea firstly this means that often the slowest person regularly becomes the seeker making it harder for them in turn to catch anyone and making the game last longer in general. Not only that but if the person tagged first is the slowest they will likely be tagged again and again so that they are indefinably a seeker.  Oh but can't they just hide you say well YES but depending on where you start or are playing they my not have enough time to even get that far. So I Think either the last one found is the seeker (because they are likely the best so being the only seeker in the begging will be easier) or it should be decided randomly (using put the foot in the circle type things).Sources: My own experiences Ive always played the last tagged is it. It seems the majority of people in later life (and indeed many middle aged people) have a horrible perception of young people and the values they follow.Throughout history the majority of people have held the same beliefs and social progress has been extremely slow. Values have changed very little over the last few hundred years. Young people today have more resources at their disposal to hear different viewpoints of literally any topic that they may not have even considered.Theres thousands of reasons young people today have such different viewpoints than the older generations. The world is a different place. It seems to me at least that older generations have blindly the values of the generations before them and this trend has held true for most of time. Young people today just question those values instead of following them so blindly. We take what we agree with we get rid of what we dont and introduce whats needed.I dont know sorry this comes off as such an unorganised rant but Ive heard a lot of older people disrespecting younger generations for this reason and i wanted to make my opinion known. Rebelling against authority is not a trend unique to this generation lol So you're saying that the younger generation today is exactly like the generations before them?  Each generation has more information then the last and they all question the ones before them.  Just because people have smartphones and the internet doesn't mean they are any more likely to question the information given to them from what came before. And why do you think our suicide rate is so high? Nah yall just lazy and soft af Every generation rebels against the previous one Its trendy nowadays to rebel against older people or older values than your birthday...But ever wondered why we as a species are where we are now and how we did it? Its by carefully holding on to the right values that worked for the past. And that process didnt start just a few years ago but thousands of years ago. Values that work are to be treasured. Just because the 'new kids in town' areca not able to See the bigger picture of what those values bring with them and what they are for doesn't mean that they are Bad.Young people think they got it All figured out... There is also a difference between intelligent or educated and being just arrogant because you think you know it All.And thats the thing not because everyone older than you is stupid its because everyone older than you has more experience. And thats that This is what every generation goes through at some point in their life. It's just a characteristic of youth that is lost as you mature. Look at the hippies they were the parents of the boomers if you could imagine people existing so far back in history. They are known for doing everything that this generation is doing but doing it in a time where it was far more difficult to do. By the time I was a kid hippies were the crusty old men that we were rebelling against. It's a constant in our society. Agreed soft lazy lack of ambition inflated expectations all resulting disappointments. Certainly that doesn't describe everybody but the ones complaining on here certainly fit the description. Reevaluate your opinion when you have enough information to have an opinion Gen Z has to be one of the most egotistical  group of people ever. I am sadly part of them smhThe way they have been so damn intolerant to slightly dark jokes. I do not really like saying the phrase its just a joke" because that is used a lot by edgy 13 year olds defending there unfunny ass joke but ITS JUST A JOKE.Also your not  quirky mate just because you say shit like I Um chile anyway periodt sisno with a heart emoji millions of other people just like you. Also the way they have honestly ruined the BLM movement by saying and doing dumb shit like ACAB doxing people for saying a a joke and etc. Me as a BLM supporter I am deeply saddened of how they have ruined it. NEWS FLASH posting a black square on instagram does not do anything. Its mostly on Twitter and Tik Tok where Gen Z toxicity is at its strongest. I can go on and on but overall spamming fairy emojis in the comments does not make you the most powerful generation. You guys are young. The world will dialate it's asshole and choke you with it's diarrhea soon enough and you'll all see depressing shades of grey. We've all been fucked since gen X started getting their futures stolen and I very much doubt you'll be saved. Welcome to the world we've inherited. Think of it this way  There will always be those types of stupidity in every generation and yes it gets worse but here is the thing every generation will do something revolutionary that will change how we view things and do things. Also I am not saying that everyone is going to do the next big thing but it will happen with Gen Z and it will continue happing for future generations. As man from Gen Z I agree with you. This generation has stupid jokes stupid trends stupid music and stupis Social Network  TikTok. About 2 years ago I was hoping this shit could live probably 1 year but no( This generation is powerful my ass.  I made a joke about how you shouldnt disconnect from an online game even if your grandma is dyin.  I can see how that's messed up but it aint even that bad compared to what most people be saying. This guy got so pissed for no reason.  He called me trash and now my feelings are hurt.  I even lost 20 of my precious internet points and Im so angry.  I called him "the big gay" and I got banned lol. Gen Z is only the most powerful generation because we are growing up with so much modern tech. We are better prepared for the future where lots of things will be done online. Also something being a joke doesnt mean its not offensive and supporting BLM but also thinking ACAB is stupid is almost on the same performative spectrum as the girls that spam educational stuff on their insta story (seriously where do those post come from? There are too many).But hey I guess this is technically an unpopular opinion? Idiots and assholes are pretty evenly distributed throughout the generations you just notice it because that's who you're around all the time. I feel like ACAB was a millennial movement but theyre in no way the most powerful generation they literally have no influence over the government or anything significant really.And i despise people who get offended by dark humour like grow up and get some thicker skin Finna (Im about to) is a stupid fucking word. People who use it make the English language dumber than it already is. I hate seeing it and I assume most people who use it are either stupid or want to identify as fellow kids. What is Finna? That's just a way people talk down in the south (I think maybe somewhere else).  It used to be fitna but then eventually changed into finna.  It never came from kids. Language isnt just what you read in a dictionary. If you understand the meaning behind a word enough to say its a dumb word the word is doing its job. Bonus I was banned from blackpeopletwitter for this opinion. Do you dislike contractions? If not then what's wrong with "finna"? I always thought finna was a mistake when I saw people use it. When I was younger I accidentally mis typed "gunna" as "finna". G is one key away from F and U is one key away from I. Since they contextually mean pretty much the same thing it made it even more confusing. Any word that originates from Twitter is automatically stupid or like periodt yaaaas sis and so on What about gonna? Old man yells at cloud.png Every time someone takes a picture they say "cheese" and expect the subject to smile with a full set of chompers showing. It looks unnatural for most people and seems completely unnecessary to force a huge fake smile that you normally would never do outside of taking a picture. Is it just to show  off your pearly whites or do people actually smile with their teeth showing in a natural conversation? Because Ive never seen someone do so Your teeth don't make or break a smile. Your eyes do. Ive forgotten how to smile with my teeth showing. I genuinely dont know how to do it anymore. You have never seen someone smile with their teeth in person? What country do you live in? I don't know a single person who doesn't smile/laugh with their teeth showing and I live in the USA. This Consistent daily habits is what made everyone where they are today roughly 4050 of what you do on a daily basis is simply out of habit and it made you where you are right now. It mapped your life and it will map your future running for a week won't make you fit saving the next paycheck won't make you frugal you need to change your habits which will change your identity. A habit of saving a portion of every single paycheck makes you frugal the habit of going on a run at 5:00 am is what makes you fit I do these things because its my habit its my identity and that's the only way to get there. This book had nothing to do those in order to change your life you need to change your daily habits because that is what makes everyone where there at I dont care what anyone says Child prodigies say a child prodigy of chess children were born curious they don't know a single thing out the womb but that kid that could play chess above everyone else had the habit the obsession to learn chess it was the habit that made him not the gift the socalled prodigy or talent he was born with. Is what people praise him for or make him feel so special but that's pure BS.Dont get me wrong we are all physically born with different abilities what is easier for one person might me more difficult for the other but that doesnt mean we cant do it its because we either dont desire strongly enough to learn or we feel discouraged by what we see rather than being inspired if you're discouraged your mindset is fixed. I never took my shirt off all my life avoided pool parties shirts and skins playing basketball.. i was shirts always. Why I had a fixed mindset I thought I couldn't ever be fit im too fat ugly ect. all these words but really it was the voice in my head we put people on a pedestal for their accomplishments but not for what they did to get there I didnt want to go running I didnt want to lift weights but i was disciplined I made it a habit and now working out is my lifestyle. I would be more than glad to take off my shirt now I motivated myself by seeing my progress. You're your own worst critic and especially with social media nowadays everyone wants instant gratification everyone wants to show off I deleted all socials besides Reddit and its been the best thing so again the whole point dont be discouraged by what you see its the voice in your head telling you that you feel that way if one person can do it so can you. Once you see results you will feel motivated by yourself your habit will fuel your motivation. It's ALL about desire habits most importantly discipline because no matter how you feel that day when you dont feel like keep going you pick your ass right back up and get on with it thats what makes prodigies. I think that the stigma around fakes need some changing. For people to gate keep fashion that YOU HAVE TO BE WEAR REAL things and not fakes is dumb. If you care about fashion you care about the art and the process of making something. But it seems the people that love it love the price and the hype. I think that wearing fakes and owning it is cool you like the fashion of but you either don't have the money to buy real ones  or you don't like the price for the hype. Well yeah you are trying to give off the impression that you are something that you aren't thats the definition of fake. The aesthetician design is just as much an element as is the statement that you have 700 to blow on a shirt. https://youtu.be/5UH7uTpTa44I'm just gonna leave this here Okay so hear me out... Birthday cake is overrated because you got leftover cake that you're probably gonna have to freeze (and may forget about) you're probably feeling sick from eating a fuck ton of cake and ice cream and you're most definitely are gonna want to wash the sugar down with some water or eat something savory. It's just.. there's something about birthday cake that I don't understand the fuss over. I know there's some people out there that don't like sugary things but we still have cake as a tradition. But traditions can be anything you want them to be. Like just give me a baked potato or something (I dunno like pie?) and pop a candle in that sucker and continue with the chant of wishing me a great day of my birth. Damn... Now I want a baked potato. I hope you're happy reddit.. (also I came to this conclusion because I spent 3 days with my S.O since it was their Bday and I ate so much damn cake I felt like I was gonna die.) A. Don't eat too much to the point where it isn't enjoyable anymore B. I prefer pie over cake so I got that on my birthday I will say if someone says something that is genuinely hateful and offensive (like for example calling a group of people a slur) and there is real proof they did it (not just someone saying they did it) I don't think there is any problem with their employer firing them as they are clearly harmful for their brand. But if someone says something that wouldn't even be considered "problematic" 5 years ago and a bunch of people spam their employer and they get fired just because they want to get the heat off of them this is definitely a form of censorship. What's the point of freedom of speech if when you speak out of a narrow window of what's acceptable you then proceed to lose your job get deplatformed and have people trying to obtain and release your personal information?I think most people don't argue that violence for something someone says is censorship. Taking away someones ability to feed themselves and their family is a terrible thing to do. Most of the time the the thing they said isn't nearly as bad as the consequences they received. The punishment doesn't fit the crime. I think it is because there is a much higher demand for offensive things to get mad about than the supply so people need to find smaller and smaller things to freak out about.editI understand freedom of speech does not protect these things. My opinion is there should be additional protections on top of freedom of speech. Things like banks shouldn't be able to bar you from having an account with them if you don't agree with them. There should be limits to this.Ultimately my concern is that deplatforming firing barring from services etc. will be used as a form of punishment for people who believe anything that the government or people with power do not like. It's just a dangerous path that needs to be addressed somehow. What's the solution? Honestly I don't know. I just know it's a serious problem.  I agree but freedom of speech is just protection from the government. It has never protected you from social consequences and was never meant to. I disapprove of what you say but I will defend to the death your right to say it.And this is how all free societies should view speech. What's the point of freedom of speechThe right of freedom of speech means the government isn't going to put you in jail for saying shit it has never meant that you can say whatever you want without consequences from your employer/etc But if someone says something that wouldn't even be considered "problematic" 5 years ago and a bunch of people spam their employer and they get fired just because they want to get the heat off of them this is definitely a form of censorship.So what's the cut off? Seriously....if it was acceptable 5 years ago it's okay but obviously not 50? Why is it dependent on how many years ago it was acceptable? Even something as simple as Im going to kill you when I was in high school my friends said it as a joke and our teacher heard us and thought it was funny in the context. Some kid my sister now goes to high school with said that and she said the police went to his parents house and investigated the entire thing like a threat when it was mentioned in a similar context. Sad world. That's the price we pay for wokeness and media forcing agenda down our throats. So.... You're cool with the status quo then... Good talk.  No I am not undermining patriotism. There are many reasons why you can be proud of a country and praise it. But simply because its "your country" is not a valid reason. I find that people who bring up all of the good things their country did while simultaneously boosting that they're from said country have quite onedimensional viewpoints. Certain people think just because the country they're born in feeds fights care and protects for them they should dedicate their lives to that country. However they are blinded to the fact that if they were born in any other country they would receive a better or perhaps worse treatment. You have never fully experienced living in another country so why be so narrowminded?In short these people inevitably become nationalists. They end up always supporting their country and not acknowledging the successes of other countries and the failures of their own. Their whole ideology as a person and not just political revolves around agreeing with that of their own country. They no longer serve the greater purpose of the world and humanity but just their own country which is especially dangerous in the society we live in today. I find it weird how people celebrate things their countries have done as if theyd done it same with the flip side of people being ashamed of things that they didnt do Meh. It can be positive or negative. Im proud of my nation since were still alive up to this point lmao Like for real Canada isn't filled with saints. Just because you finally see a person act with normal human decency doesn't mean they're angelic.I don't intend to hate on either Americans or Canadians; I'm just saying.Also if you see someone be nice why don't you be nice in return instead of making a joke out of it?Genuinely nice people are hard to come by these days. A joke? I've found Canadians to be quite nice and warm. Americans can be too but there's more if a caste system here that keeps us from interacting. Its because the bar is so low In all of my time in the states I havent really found anyone that would stand out as an obvious American if you were to drop them in my home town with the exception of accents obviously. There really isnt any difference between us it's just lazy stereotyping. When I was a 13 yearold tourist in Quebec some creepy guy snuck up behind me and sneered why dont you take your cocaine and go home?  That Canadian was an asshole. Ive always heard about how the Israeli commandos are experts in it and its The Deadliest Martial Art. I do some research and find nothing but phony mcdojo style demonstrations. There is no documentation of people using Krav Maga in a real life situation. Feel free to watch them and try them at home it looks ridiculous. Lots of martial arts aren't terribly practical. That's not why people do them. Have you actually met an Isreali Commando before? You get to hear the players talk shit to each other. You hear the coaches and the refs the hype factor does kind of miss but there is so much more detail now than before. Take my upvote and leave I love that I can actually hear the crack of the bat while watching baseball now It's definitely a lot more interesting watching mma fights. You can hear the cornermen can hear the fighters breathing and sometimes even talking to each other. Also the sounds of the strikes landing is kind of sickening at some points because it's so clear. I lost a little sister. I know the pain of losing a younger sibling. That pain will never fully disappear. Its like a chasm in your soul that will never be filled.People making fun of the situation are disrespecting anyone who has had to endure the pain of losing a sibling. It fucking sucks and Im seriously disappointed by people on social media platforms for making fun of it.It does not matter what your opinions are of the President or his family. Respect the dead and respect those who have to face the death of a family member or close friend. People are saying that?  That's ridiculous. Why are people like this People looking for brownie points. You are proyecting your experience on his. You dont know how he feels.  when his other brother died he was at the cinema!!!... Also I would feel bad for him if I knew he feels a little bad for the people who lost someone in this pandemic but since he doesnt fuck him. That's terrible. Let us play orange hitler some violin music to soothe him. They are disrespecting you if you wanna make everything about yourself sure. Average redditor. "A tragedy happened how can I make this about myself" To be fair he probably felt nothing when his brother died Its why I dont date them. My best friend is dating a guy shorter than her and shes only 54 but when Im around them its really hard for me to act like Im okay with him :/ Nice generalisation. You dont need to have to defend yourself for why you dont date shorter people This seems very specific to this person uh that's quite the generalization You're young and dumb. Height has nothing to do with it. What the fuck does height have to do with hygiene and temper? This is bait. All the short people I know have great hygiene... ;; I know more tall people with terrible hygiene than shorts. The shortys usually dress great and smell amazing it's actually really attractive I'm assuming you live in a ferral area This is a pretty funny post. Exactly what my title says almost all of these stories are shitty kids getting what they deserve. Or just not liking that they arent adults and dont deserve adult responsibility. I only stay subbed for the rare extremely insane helicopter parents I subbed for. It really went to shit during the last few months of me staying there After the boom that sub had on yt all the stories where obviously fake thats why i stopped going there Ending on a cliff hanger or some ambiguous up to reader interpretation spiel isnt actually a good way to end a book despite the large number of amazing books that do it. Its a cop out by the author and readers like it because they feel like theyre a part of the story and its easy to have opinions about it. If you dont know how you want to end a novel then dont publish it until you do. This can be applied to cinema too. I recently finished The Sopranos. The ending in that show was left wide fucking open. Thats your opinion man. It can be done really well in my opinion or really bad. As in all things. I think it really depends on the execution sometimes I see it working really well but it all to commonly is annoying I do like cliffhangers in shows though especially weekly ones so Im always hyped for the next episode I agree actually. Authors sometimes paint themselves into a corner and are unable to figure out a decent ending with no loose ends so they just opt for a cop out cliffhanger. It bothers me to no end. Ive done it before with some of my books but the difference is I never published it. Figure out an ending none of this its up to you bullshit Thats your opinion man. It can be done really well in my opinion or really bad. As in all things. First off I'm a male so give me reasons why they should exist if this is too unpopular. Secondly I've heard and read it is healthy for pregnant woman to walk so why should it matter if they have to walk an extra 2050 feet to enter the building they will walk around anyway.This could also apply to veteran parking spots (I am technically a veteran). I would never park in one cause at most it'll just make my vehicle a target for random vandalism. I also don't mind parking further out and walking in since less people will park around me. I understand handicap parking to an extent. You have to go through a process and apply for a pass so it's vetted a little. There are still disabled people who probably just shouldn't be driving in general tho. May I ask what exactly you mean by you're "technically a veteran" you either are a veteran or your not there is no grey area Actually it's better for pregnant women to walk a lot unless they're high risk. It helps with labor and makes it easier. If someone in the car is wheelchair bound its pretty useful to not have to wheel them all the way across the parking lot I think its pretty reasonable the only mail the united states postal service send me is fucking spam. thats it. nothing else. i buy something? amazon. legal documents? fedex. bills? all online straight to email.but you can bet your sweet ass that my mailbox is full of coupon shit from a grocery store 40 miles away snail mail trying to convince me to sign up for a discover card at 20 interest skymall type magazines that sell everything with a 10 updoot and other garbage that i save in a bin to burn in the winter.i dont even SEND anything USPS. i send my shit fedex. i dont get spam from fedex. i dont get skymall from fedex. im sorry but what were witnessing is the fall of a business to rivals. all this hype is totally out of proportion. if USPS goes under UPS will and fedex will go up.also fuck USPS workers. my mailman has more gold bling than a rapper. my tax dollars go to his salary. fuck that noise. i worked at fedex for a while them dudes struggle and hussle 24/7 364(they only take one day off a year here)... usps was the inferior service and was eating our taxdollars to send us spam and steal our valuable mail. good riddance.one letter to mail them allone mailman to find themone truck to bring them alland in the summer deliver them.x200B;EDIT: a genuine unpopular opinion.  1. If USPS is gone then FedEx/UPS will just send you spam instead2. Its not USPSs fault that you signed up for spam either voluntarily or involuntarily because u skipped through a line in the tos People aren't mad that USPS is dying because it's an amazing mail service. People are mad because there's going to be a mass wave of mail voting in the next election and the USPS is being dismantled by a guy the president hired.I feel like you completely missed the point. also fuck USPS workers. my mailman has more gold bling than a rapper. my tax dollars go to his salary. fuck that noise. i worked at fedex for a while them dudes struggle and hussle 24/7 364(they only take one day off a year here)... usps was the inferior serviceUSPS is inferior because... their competitors keep their laborers at starvation wages? You want more of that? You want a community where more delivery people are working themselves to death for scraps?FedEx and UPS suck for rural areas. They often actually send their shit through USPS because no forprofit service wants a substantial presence in bumfuck nowhere but the people in bumfuck still need their medicine and other basic services provided through mail Sounds like you hate spam and the companies that mail them which has nothing to do with USPS.Also USPS is self funded tax dollars aren't used to fund them. I don't think you know much about USPS. You know Amazon uses USPS right? Its part of why prime shipping is such a good deal Holy shit how do you not know how fucking mail works? Please do not fucking breed. Get that outta the gene pool REAL QUICK. They get a little revenue from that spam.  Without it they would use more tax dollars.  Also you think UPS/Fed Ex wont charge you directly a subscription fee to get mail from them?  I choose USPS please With 14 years im too young to see all that kinky shit. They should protect people like me with a nsfw mark. I dont want to see anal fisting or hentai where people get beheaded. And its not always clear if something like that is going to happen in a video. Just don't go on phub dawg You're 14 not 18 like you're supposed to be if youre 14 you shouldnt be on there anyways lol So you want a site thats is specifically made for posting porn and sexual acts to have nsfw marks? I kinda get what youre saying but I wouldnt call it nsfw and Idk how something like that would be enforced. It would require pornhub to do a much more extensive categorization of content or some kind of survey. The whole site is NSFW. Yknow what they say "if you can't take the heat then get out of the oven". Pornhub is for the big boys my friend. Some of us like it when a gaping brutal dildo anal fisting ultra bukkake video takes us by surprise. It wouldn't be NSFW mark but a hardcore content. Better tags are needed So you want an 18 site to cater for someone under 18? Ahhhhh... please tag your parents for parental controls Thats like telling people to put a wet floor sign in the middle of the ocean. Lol grow up boy I wish as a culture we really made it socially unacceptable for people under 18 to watch porn.  I live In a small town and when the zombie apocalypse first arose and everyone had began hoarding supplies  I noticed a BUNCH of people driving miles and miles and hours to get to my small town area to raid our two small stores and take only SOME of our stuff  because people in our small community did not tolerate people driving hours coming in just to make our supplies short.. Do not get me wrong i believe sharing is caring  but bruh .. stay in YOUR town and YOUR stores. Blame your own poor decisions to buy or rent a home in a huge area of a state . Not the smaller communities fault that when shit hits the fan  the heavily populated areas go down first . Pet the cat and then shoot up Take my pants off Smoke a bowl of hurb Current job:  wonder why I went anywhere since I work from home.Last job:  take off the messiest things I'm wearing just inside the door so I don't get dirt and mud everywhere feed the pet hop in the shower.Favorite 'just got home from work' ritual:  A long time ago I had a really big really fluffy couch right inside my door.  I'd kick off my shoes as soon as I got inside then do a front flip onto the sofa.  Stretch out and immediately fall asleep.  Take a nap until my roommate got home from work then figure out what we were going to do that night. Go on my phone Shower Poop. Nothing like a peaceful dookie in the comfort of your own home Take off my shoes and more importantly my socks. Cancer stick and then tv. Open the wifi Change into home clothes! Take off my uniform and bra pour a glass of wine and drink it while I have a bath. Shower and food Crack a cold one Wash my hands Not eating 30 min before swimming Cover it up when its sexy time I'm still looking to delete my permanent record. Tongue kissing. It feels so awkward and unnatural to me. Hate it. Turning. They seem to like it but its like ripping your pp bone I'm not a fan of getting oral. It's never worked for me and I'd much rather give oral. whats that one scene from No Country for Old Men again? What happend in your dream last night? What do you do when the doctors tell you you have terminal cancer? What was the last thing I masturbated to? What sound like an ideal night ? What's your idea of the perfect date? Buy a working spaceship Raise every persons self awareness at least 10 Become an astronaut richest man most famous man Three pull ups Heal my black eye. Can't say here. Read peoples minds From a certain perspective ok.We have managed to be one of the lowest impact countries as far as the human cost of COVID 19 is concerned although like every other country we are strangling our economy to achieve that.The shutdown of the economy has slowed the bushfire recovery  works and the economies of the bushfire affected communities are really suffering particularly those that are tourism based as currently most states have closed their borders to interstate travel.In the last week or so some of the communities that were hit by the fires were hit by floods although not overly destructive they were disruptive.But in comparison to most of the world I'd say we are in fairly good shape. Couldnt tell you we arent allowed to leave our houses. Thanks covid. Walking out the store without buying anything Having sex with your pet in the room Not filing taxes when making under the minimum required to file. Peeing with the door open Yanking the chain when you have a girlfriend. i have no comfort right now. Being alone in nature usually does it. Take a hike and go at your own pace Oh people forget my birthday all the time but I can't be bothered anyways Lose weight Why hasn't it worked so far? WHO WANTS ICE CREAM? Want some cake "It must be hard for you I'm so lucky I can eat anything and not gain weight" Chuffing A mate. What took so long? Why bother? Youll just gain it back anyway. probably asking if theyre actually still committed or not it can ruin morale and make them feel unaccomplished So when are the triplets due? Attention! Serious Tag Notice Jokes puns and offtopic comments are not permitted(https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/indexwikirule6) in any comment parent or child. Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies.  Report comments that violate these rules.Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour and posts that are not appropriate for the Serious tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns. When i asked for a triple cheeseburger but the cheese and patties were still partially frozen.As to how you can possibly fuck up a triple cheeseburger at mcdonald's i ain't got a clue. Whenever I deal with a worst of the worst Karen employee When the manager was my mom and I needed money for the arcade. That one time I was looking for an unpaid internship. When I ordered a burger at Wendys and they put everything on it except the meat patty When my (ex) therapist after I bared my soul and sat in her office crying called me a psychopath. When Bank of America double dipped my account and hit me with with 500 in NSF and overdraft fees. It took 20 minutes and a whiteboard in the branch managers office to explain it. I wasnt allowed to go to pony camp. I dont even remember why.Also I pretended it didnt bother me back then so I felt like Id won or something like that. I think they expected me to cry or beg or something like that but I just said okay and continued eating. My parents were absolutely shook. I once had wifi taken away for like 6 months. That sounds like bullshit 3rd world problems but she didnt even make an exeption for school so when I was missing assignments she blamed me Outside and environmental influences or they could be exhibiting fused characteristics from both parents I went to middle and high school with Ronda Rousey she was super quiet and loved Pokemon . I always thought she looked really strong  had zero idea she was training for the Olympics. I also went to high school with Steven Miller (Trumps Senior Advisor). No one liked him...I suspect this may be his revenge story. I went to Etowah Highschool for a year with Chandler Riggs who was already famous he was a grade below me I've spoken to him briefly passing by in the halls during lunch he seemed like a cool guy. He was barely at school though due to filming The Walking Dead it still amazes me that he actually went to public school. I usually try to avoid it. The negativity kind of feeds into itself and makes it worse.  I'll generally make a point of being good to her when I'm cross about something. entering the friend group discord call. never had a day where i didnt laugh my lungs out and ive been joining it daily for like 5 hours for the past 2 years. so fun. Dill pickles yo. Love those things. I dont I just hope it goes away and it doesnt Bold of you to assume I deal with it Try art or music therapy You have to have that boss mentality in that moment gotta mob out your thoughts. Working out until I'm dead tirec Separate things that ypu have control over and things you do not. For the things you do not have control over keep reminding yourself that you have done your best and now you just have to wait to see. It's not worth keep worring about those things that you can't control. For those that you have control over plan it out and execute it the best way possible and preferably as soon as possible. Then again reming yourself that you have done your best. Study the thing making you anxious pragmatically make a plan to reduce the stress implement step one then step two etc. Add or alter steps as appropriate. The sims Is like this one but everything Is perfect The Pokmon Universe Any hentai Maybe Animal Crossing Id have a zero down zero interest home loan no job to worry about and a bunch of animal friends to hang out with. Only downside is you can only eat fruit. This one is fictional enough! At this point I'd almost take Westeros. Certain songs.  Songs you havent heard in years that instantly send you back to a specific time and place. The smell of jasmine; my father used to drink a lot of tea and the house would always smell like it. Jasmine was his favourite. Club Penguin videos on youtube Everything tbh :/ Looking at old photos 2 things right off the top off of my head. The first being fresh cut grass reminds me of baseball season when I was growing up and in school. And the 2nd is when it is so hot and humid out at like 7 in the morning you can "smell" the humidity in air. Reminds me of football 2adays in an instant. Playing the N64 and listening to certain songs. PopularMMOS but I don't watch him much anymore. It is pretty obvious I was quite young when I started watching him.  NigaHiga (How to be a ninja) Dashie (actually responded to me once) Penguinz0 (he was actually 100X funnier with no face reveal) Mr beast I watched him since like 2015 It makes others feel good which makes yourself feel good. Self preservation People remember how you made them feel not what you said or what you looked like a lot of the time. Just how they felt. To elevate humanity insofar as I can. My exwife still misses me but her aim is getting better! Slap a bitch tuesday fear and loathing in las vegas Rosemary's Baby or Eyes Wide Shut "What Dreams May Come" Armpit sniffer over at old spice too specific? Mhmm Teachers. Its the obvious answer but teachers are seriously undervalued. Any real commission based sales job I was super high and I cut up some bananas and put them in my coffee because I felt very quirky and not like the other stoners and it wasnt all that bad. Kind of like having marshmallows in your hot chocolate McDonald's french fries dipped in their vanilla ice cream cone. Peanut butter and everything. Peanut butter works with everything. Here's a gross one I loved as a kid. Bologna Ketchup  YooHoo "milk." Fries and dipping them in ice cream or chased with a milk shake. Perfect salt and sugar mixed. Also a good start to a future heart attack. Peanut butter grilled cheese. Well played FBI agent you ain't gonna get me today. Google. Not to be sarcastic but searching textbook name and pdf should bring up free pdfs to download. With movies include Google docs in the search to find documents with many links. With software include free full however be wary of obvious site builder template sites or other sketchy sites. I quit doing this in the Limewire days. Anything free seems to bring either terrible quality or viruses to my computer. I came 4 times in 10 mins ...need I mention how many times Ive tried to make a convincing 3d model(https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/647998762723180556/744019859221774467/allprojects.png)?Ive gotten the setup time down to 30 minutes. Until the posts are no longer considered new Not too far. Then I just refresh. Usually about a page. i'd say anything that helps keep a building or city running like electricians exterminators plumbers and mail carriers Wifi service guys during the whole quarantine Jizz Mopper at the adult bookstore video booths. Anything low in a corporate pyramid Therapists. Most of us are pretty fucked up and they can help untie that knot a little bit. My hairy asshole These humid socks I refuse to take off When I eat an entire pint of ice cream in one sitting and start craving more a few minutes later. My current reflection. When I get turned on thinking about rough sex My hygiene even tho I take care of myself I just always feel other people think Im gross idk If you shave a bear it will fit into a tube easier. "I know." Yep thats it! Reddit grants strange powers to those who believe. You don't need a reason to help people I'm sorry. the US government I cant think of something to say to her i was awarded the name animal after fucking 3 girls at my middle school That after 3 full fucking weeks I still have a massive black eye. I can't see my forehead. Exploitation unjust hierarchy racism imperialism the police state Earth is dying the usual stuff Dad's health is getting worse. The Loudness war from the 90s with Rick Rubin. He compressed all his music and its annoying. People judging each other harshly Apparently there was a trend where you buy something at walmart and refuse to show the reciept. Clothes trends. A huge waste of money since each trend changes each week and the people never end up wearing the clothes again. The first time i saw fight club A blink of an eye saved my eyesight yesterday because my eyes were drying Waking up one morning having developed two autoimmune diseases.They've both passed.....but that's 9 years of my life i'm not getting back. When I got a Parents letter from shool... This was like 4th grade... I was pretty bad in shool but after that (i got a shit ton of trouble) i got very god in shool. Got on a gymnasium...my grades where rising... Yeah i dont know where i would be now without that litle kick in the ass. We know more about it than our oceans You can fit all the planets in our solar system (except the sun) in the distance from Earth to our Moon with still about 3000km to spare. I only tell my close friends saying it quickly and then move on is my favourite strategy to diminish it so they don't treat me any differently after that. It's not really chronic but throughout 10 years of skateboarding I broke both of my ankles multiple times  shattered my kneecap. Those will never be as healthy as they were at one point  hurt until this day.I usually just complain about pain in my ankles/legs Chips It's not exactly junk food so much as a dessert. But rice pudding. I could eat that stuff with a shovel. Sour Patch Kids Donuts topped with ice cream drizzled with melted chocolate and caramel sauce.By virtue of that monstrosity being healthy it's component parts of Donuts Ice Cream Chocolate and Caramel all must also be healthy.  Glorious Golden Age. Chips and chocolate. I thought that i had come up with the idea of the universe being in a sphere and if you were to go in a "Straight" line you would end up back in the same place after a certain amount of time. My services. Labor/ time. A lot of slapping and "this baby can..." I used to have an aversion to them for some reason but Ive started to like them just for guacamole and tortilla chips The taste is good the texture is good its healthy what more could ya want? They taste nice. I usually only drink avocado milkshakes or smoothies. They also have nutritional benefits to one. To spite my cousin who hate avocados.He took away my lego set i had at 16. I took away his bananas and replaced it with avocado. They have a very smooth texture while staying firm good on toast (with salt they taste like ass without salt) The taste is fresh I can say its almost like a palate cleanser its good with really rich foods and somewhat good for you! Go onto YouTube and watch random movie trailers until one seems interesting. Also no phone scrolling. I go for horror movies Watch 28 days later or Dawn of the Dead again Pick an indie movie Ive never heard of or watch a childrens show.Current one Im reviewing for a relative is SheRa. When im bored I usually pick comedy movie i go through the movie list and whichever comedy scene pop into my head as i read the movie title ill go with that Netflix has a shuffle mode now so it plays a random show or movie based on your interests. Attention! Serious Tag Notice Jokes puns and offtopic comments are not permitted(https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/indexwikirule6) in any comment parent or child. Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies.  Report comments that violate these rules.Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour and posts that are not appropriate for the Serious tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns. Natural selection. If you cant defend yourself against an invading force you kind of deserve to be invaded. Wow you got big tits for a 14 year old  Let's play doctor. Lick my sister's butthole.Not that I wasn't gonna anyway but hey free ice cream. nothing im lactose intolerant Pay like 2 for a single or like 5 for a pack at a grocery store My emotion regulation Two things comes to mind: try to over procastinate and get better at relationships. My health. Ive ignored it all my life and just thought Im young and invincible. Just hit 30 and realized how much damage Ive done to myself without even realizing. Everything about me Was said person inebriated by any chance? I once saw someone standing near a car punching windows talking to an employee. Based on this I'm sure he was attempting to break his own window. Upon realizing this I also observed that I hadn't brought my brass knuckles. I wonder what happened?Edit: This was at WalMart. The front window takes a lot of force side windows not as much. Some possibilities: The window was already damaged They were wearing a ring with a point that contacted the glass before their fist did. It was an older car that did not have the same toughened glass as modern cars You witnessed a superhero in disguise. Meth will fuel that fist right through a window. Death in paradise. Sherlock on Netflix I love the show Monk! Its not British but its a funny show about the adventures of a brilliant homocide detective with OCD. Its one of my favorite cozy mystery shows. Broadchurch Idk. Maybe Edge of Tomorrow. Cube. In Jurassic park(3?) When the T rex picks up the SUV it would have exploded and killed the children. The dinosaurs wouldve had laser eyes The amount of hot girls in crop tops and booty shorts would skyrocket Every vehicle would explode like a Ford Pinto at the slightest nudge and the amount of special effects used would border on the obscene. Everything.Every part of me from my body to my voice to my hobbies makes me less of a man in the eyes of almost everyone. My voice and teeth My body my face my voice and my personality My chin and my teeth.I have horrible teeth and a weak chin. A lot of things about my body Literally any memory that I had alone. Ah! I once drove one of little Tykes cars (the red and yellow footpowered ones) and drive it straight into a pool! My mom dove into to save me. heterosexual tomboys Bees. Simultaneously stops crime and saves the bees Severed human heads My anxiety makes it worse Idk but is easy to encounter empty spaces with all these cuckdowns and cuarternaries causes by davarus ever since I noticed it I though that kind of place would be very romantic. "Dating" for sex is easy for me and it's not a hard thing to do as long as you're somewhat attractive and have some game ( and maybe are willing to lower your standards a bit). Looking for a real connection is harder but i know people whove found true love through apps or without meeting the other person organically. So maybe its just me that can't figure it out lol. Kidney stones. Mental: deaths of loved ones (both human and animal varieties)Physical: cluster headaches as a teen Penis piercing was up there peeing with a urinary tract infection Literally every movie sequel ever.  Except that Paul Walker tribute Fast  Furious movie with Wiz Khilfa and Charlie Puth on the soundtrack Deep vein thrombosis in my right leg. I got to the point I couldn't walk. Ended up on crutches for a while even after the surgery. I have a cat.  One day she jumped up on me and landed with her claws still out.  I've never bled from my balls until then. The fuck is wrong with your guys and your penis fetishes xD I seeked for serious experiences Knitting a scarf. Learn how to do one stitch do it for hours and you're basically set. Solving a Rubiks Cube. Being "good" at guitar. You only need to know 45 chords and to pratice two weeks. It's an automatic "Charm 100" Minding your own business. Its not all that difficult but people seem to have a hard time with it nonetheless. Virginity means you haven't had sex so it depends on if you consider oral sex to be sex or not. I wouldnt count it only piv would for me. Society I guess No I'd define losing your virginity as vaginal sex in this case No only incels would but bjs are better than most sex imo so its okay Pick up trash or recycle Buy reusable produce bags and bring them with you when you grocery shop. Boneworks VR would be really cool to run through the campaign with some friends Slime rancher that would be extremely fun to come back to with friends. Fallout 4. I wish fallout 76 would have been like this. Be an actual fallout game that you can invite friends to join. Breath of the Wild. i think if they made a seperate online mode similar to GTA V with customizable avatars it would be so much fun. Just think about it a ton of players climbing and exploring mountains people dueling with their maxed out armor and swords and players maybe sharing recipes across hyrule. I always felt the game felt a little too empty with such a huge world and so many customizable armor and weapons. The band Blue Oyster Cult. Panic! at the Discos 2nd album Pretty. Odd. Their belt loop or pocket gets stuck on every door handle they walk past. They are always 5 minutes late for everything. Every stoplight you go to turns red. I hope their socks always feel slightly damp. Thats they always forget things are there and bump into them. My enemy will never find money laying on the ground or a public table or anything like that. Never underestimate the power of mighty thighs Maybe we should experiment Ill volunteer I don't think so. Im just speaking for myself btw. Yes u dont actually need that strong of legs to choke someone surprisingly. You can just do a triangle choke Is that a challenge? Try it out and let us know Cute that you think there are women reading thisEdit: atrocious spelling mistake Complaining Guys who don't have giant ears Buying shit that they dont need I'm still with that person. It happens alot less often now They both take from 3rd world countries they both have a complicated relationship with Shia LaBeouf Im looking vigorously all over the web and still cant find anybody that asked. Being a queen Counting her money. Stick a finger in my butt during a blowjob Ive been with plenty of girls who dont think we like to eat pussy. Mostly because there are plenty of guys who dont. But us real men enjoy it.I dated one girl who couldnt even really enjoy it because she had a long time boyfriend who made her really self conscious about it. He would only do it if she had just showered and he would hardly ever do it and would basically complain. What an asshole. Semi clothed sex Eating pussy for sure. Every gf Ive had acts like Ill be disgusted by it and after I do it they act like theyve struck gold. I wish that was a humble brag but its not dudes need to go down more! When the guy has been doing all the work and then the girl has the audacity to say keep going when youre tired after 1015 mins of constant movement It works both ways honestly.. guy or girl Scratch me till I bleed. Spitroasts I'm at me home rn... Cause you are annoying. Rachel Dolezal bad.A kid wanting to be Maui from Moana for Halloween okay. I dont even know the meaning of the term. One second.Edit:I think this is how some music genres got started. Im all for it. Bunch of made up bullshit. Seems like some people don't know the line between appreciation and appropriation and call everyone assholes Doesn't hurt anything as long as the original culture isn't altered. It's definitely problematic. Cultural exchange isn't but it's also not appropriation. It can be pretty stressful. They really dont get paid much unless they make a sale. Sales arent for me. I just dont have it in me to pressure people to buy something they either dont want or are unsure about. If you cant sell you don't eat. Almost all dealership sales people are paid based on vehicle sales and do not make an hourly wage Mutha fckin TACOS baby! Either Japanese or Korean cuisine dynamite in my butt bear attack. since bears play with their food i get to live longer. win win. run out of oxygen at the peak of everest I always feel self conscious. Definitely. I feel most of my girlfriend's have been out of my league. Yet they chose an awkward slightly chubby tall MFer like me. Fall brisk cold and clear without being ass biting cold. rain. Its a straight vibe There's something about Cold Cloudy  Rainy weather that is soo nostalgic for me I just love the atmosphere of it. Rain mixed with thunder and lightning bruh Cloudy just after rain Rain when I'm inside but I like sun when I'm outside. Snow since I live in a place where the lowest temperature is probably 20C Bright dry and a little chilly. Ideal hiking weather Riding a roller coaster. I didn't find it fun at all. just terrifying. Smoked a cig No I dont have a gunDidnt even mean shit until after the fact. Wouldve broke me to pieces if I was alive during Kurts career Hes the reason for the teardrops on my guitar. "I'm there on time cause they won't know I'm missing." You know Donkey from Shrek? Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. "Why leave the hatch open?" Gran asked."What?" I scratched my head to his response. "Well... the hatch is to be left open for the hero to fall into our first trap the shark pit!""Right." Gran grabbed the villainous schematic. "If we pourI don't knowa ton of bricks on the hatch the hero wouldn't even be able to get down into your secret lair. Besides how is this lair secret when anyone can find the entrance? Especially a hero!"I puzzled at what Gran was proposing. His words confused me until shook my head like a dog to regain my wits. "Then how would the hero get to the shark pit?"Gran sighed and rubbed the bridge of his nose. "If the hero has to get to your shark pit why give him an escape?""Escape? Oh! You mean the chain hanging from the ceiling.""Yes why's that there?""Well... for the hero to get to the second trap! The laser turrets!""I get that partnot reallybut when the hero climbs out of the shark pit and falls into the laser turret room there's a mirror conveniently placed so the hero can jump behind cover and deflect the lasers to destroy the turrets and pop open the door."What is this guy's deal? Has he not read the book of evil cartoon villains???"Uh..." I rubbed my neck. "Well that's because... the hero has to come into my lab. Then I reveal my topsecret plan to him about world domination.""Then it wouldn't be topsecret now would it?" Gran slid the villainous schematic back towards me. "And when he gets into your lab he now has a fighting chance to best you in combatwhich he willthen save the princessI mean lady. I was confused for a second this whole defense of your secret lair has me baffled."I stared at him with mouth agape. "You... what do you propose?""Just shoot the hero in the shark pit he's a sitting duck there. Remove the mirror from the laser turret room those bad boys would disintegrate him in seconds. And if you have to just shoot him when he comes into your lab. His gun will be ruined from the water anyway just take him out. This way you save the breath of your topsecret plan and you win at the end of the day."I shot Gran square in the chest Smoke drifted from his lifeless body as it tumbled to the floor.phewI took a seat on my chair as the alarm set off."Hatch door opened" the AI said."Oh goodie!" I swiveled my chair to all of my monitors displayed; each giving me a clear view of all the traps. "He's finally here!"I cleared my throat and began to rehearse my diabolical topsecret plan.Susan the tied up woman stared at me with sore eyes. "This is madness!""Hm" I grabbed a roll of duct tape and wrapped it around her mouth. "That'll add more anger once he sees you this way. Anyways you're too late cartoon hero man. I've already planted the bomb at the capitol."r/ajhwriting Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Today was supposed to be great. I would find out just how much of my business plan would actually become reality. As I stared down Fate confidently awaiting her decision all I could think about was hearing her raspy ancient voice for the words "the CEO." I couldn't wait.Today was supposed to be perfect. After I received Fate's verdict I would know that I was destined for greatness. I would know that I would be successful in my life that I had the authority to command those who worked beneath me. Today was supposed to be special. My family had been in poverty since before the term had a name. My grandparent's greatgrandparents had had nothing and that nothingness was inherited. The title Fate was supposed to give me would have changed that. I could have broken that pathetic cycle and become something great.But today was not great dear friend. It was not perfect. It was special sure but only because it was unique. No one had ever received this title before and very few knew what it meant.As I stood there confident in my future I heard four foreign words escape the lips of the goddess Fate: "the Writing Prompt Poster."Confusion overcame the crowd myself most of all. Then a numbness spread through my body as I understood. My family tried to reassure me that the title given by Fate was not the only title I would receive but their sentiments did not comfort me. Fate had seen my future and decided that my most important accomplishment would be to give others ideas which I may never receive recognition for. I would not break the poverty cycle that had plagued my family tree for so long. Instead I would waste away in front of a computer writing words for others to complete. Today was supposed to be perfect yet as I watched Fate retreat from the stage and my mind closed its doors I felt one last glimmer of hope leave my body forever. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Sit please the mummy said motioning me to sit down. I eased myself over to the chair and sat. Some parts of my brain had just turned themselves off and I moved as if my body was on auto pilot. The cherrywood bar separated me from a multiarmed creature with eyes all over its scaley purple body. It was surprisingly serving tea. I was in between a werewolf and the phantom butler who had invited me in. The mummy stood on a raised platform poised to speak to the crowd. Friends we are losing our relevance here locked away in one small house. We need to take to the streets and hear real screams of terror from the mortals.A muffled sound of agreement rose throughout the room. But what about the pact? A shrill voice escaped from a ghoul in the back corner of the tea parlour. A gruff sound emerged from a mass of fur in the middle of the room. It was like a howl but with more syllables. The mummy looked over at the werewolf to my right who spoke up. Frank was saying that we we havent seen the necromancer in hundreds of years. The pact is no longer necessary. We agreed to stay in here and feed off of the screams of humans who enter the house. But now they have stopped coming and we are starved for the energy of human terror.Sounds of agreement rose until the room was buzzing with noise. The mummy calmed everyone down and then looked directly at me. We await your decision master.My decision? I asked trying to keep from alerting them to the fact that I was just a normal human being. Of course the mummy continued Polgara you have chosen such a beautiful skin to wear tonight please give us your final decision.I know it was the wrong thing to say. I know that all of the haunting and the upheaval in the world from then on was my fault. But in the moment I just wanted them all to leave me alone. I agree let us leave this house. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. It was three in the morning when I finally succeeded in rocking Aidyn to sleep. I gently set him down in his crib carefully ensuring every piece of clothing on my was secure. I had learned all too quickly exactly how much sound was needed to wake a lightly sleeping newborn along with how much sound the tie strings of gym shorts can make if they brush against crib bars. I lifted my hands in the air as if I had just succeeded in disarming a bomb and slowly crept backwards out of the room and towards my own bed in the room across the hall.As I crossed the threshold of my bedroom I released the breath I unconsciously held during the entire ordeal. I crept quietly into bed next to my sleeping wife and squeezed my eyes shut hoping desperately for sleep to take me. Before the clutches of unconsciousness could drag me into slumber a crashing sound echoed from the baby monitor its tiny speakers crackling at the volume coming from the camera. I felt the ground tremble slightly and felt a knot of dread twist my stomach.I leapt out of bed as my frantic wife sat bolt upright a look of terror spread across her face. She rushed after me as I dashed into Aidyns room. The two of us gasped in unison when we realized the source of the noise.Aidyn had somehow made his way out of his crib unharmed and was winning a wrestling match against a massive python. It seemed as if Aidyn had gained three times the muscle he had previously and he was successfully standing over the snakes body when he could barely hold his own head up just minutes before. A stray thought wondering where the fuck a python would have come from crossed my mind but I ignored that as I leapt in to assist. I separated Aidyn and the snake but seemed to be just a moment too late. The snakes head bobbed lifelessly in my hands as I dragged it away from my son.What the actual fuck Troy my wife said then clapped her hands over her mouth as she realized she had mistakenly sworn in front of our son.Dont worry about it Leah I said. I was thinking the same thing. I mean a snake is one thing but a python? And Aidyn just straight up choked it to death? We both shot a confused look at each other wondering if this could be some elaborate sleepdeprivation induced hallucination then turned our attention to Aidyn.The muscles in his arms shrank down to their normal size and Aidyn slowly settled down to the ground crying hysterically. I tossed the python corpse to the side and rushed to my sons side. I picked up his trembling infant body and cradled him gently shushing him as I rocked him back and forth.My wife and I stared at each other wordlessly as we slowly comforted Aidyn back to sleep. Once he was successfully settled back in his crib we turned to take care of the dead python. To our surprise the corpse had vanished without a trace.Did you I was at a loss for words as I stepped out of Aidyns room and shut the door behind me.Yeah the dead snake is just...gone my wife responded dumbstruck. It wasnt until much later ten years later to be exact that we found out the real reason behind the events we saw that night as well as a string of other similarly strange events throughout our sons life. The day the specifically addressed parchment letter sealed with a candyapple red wax arrived at our doorstep was the day we finally knitted the pieces of our confusing family life together. Our son miraculously was a wizard.Feel free to check out other pieces of my writing at /r/jenarino Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. (1 of 2)"BBC reports that trust in the government is at an all time low with protests breaking out in the nation's biggest cities some turning violent. Americans as we are told have lost their faith in centuries of scientific research. We now watch as thousands some rich some poor and some former outcasts of society with new claims to fame are about to depart from Honolulu Hawaii. This is the opportunity of a lifetime and unguided by any government militia or experts these people are all on their own once they reach international waters."x200B;And that was it. I was taking some Mr. Erwin Ruth a fringe conspiracy nut along with his wife of equal stupidity to the South Pacific Ring  that's what they were now calling it anyway. Located 800 miles south of Hawaii it'd take us some time to arrive. But hey I was being paid very handsomely six figures in fact for this mission. The worst that could happen would be my boat capsizing and with calm weather forecast for the next week that was impossible. And as I projected we had no issues. We were now just twenty miles from the Ring and making record time."Ya ready?" I asked the two. "We should be approachin' sometime soon.""My my my" Erwin chanted taking in the scenery. "Have you noticed the clouds?""What about 'em?" I asked."Don't you notice their... form? I've never seen clouds this  this thick before! And so low? It's almost like I could fire a flare up there and hit them! See it Jane?""What do you expect?" Mrs. Ruth complained "We can't make any assumptions about this place just yet. Nobody's ever been here and they've been covering it up for nearly a century!""Heh" I cackled letting out a long deep sigh. "What do you think is out there eh?""Most likely a nuclear testing site I presume" Erwin answered adjusting his tie as he did so. It was at that moment that I got a good look at the man. He was old likely in his late sixties tired eyes sinking into his skull and with every breath he took the folds of his wrinkles grew more prominent. Why was the man so energetic so focused so determined to visit this island in his old age? I didn't know."Well" I said "if you think it's a dump for the world's nuclear endeavors what're the odds that there's radiation dispersed all along here? I'll have to charge you more if I'm hospitalized eh?"Erwin let out a dry laugh and paused. "Whatever they're hidin' here we'll find out.""Hey look!" Jane shouted as she fingered to the horizon. "Land!""Hey you're right!" Erwin exclaimed. He fumbled through some equipment and positioned a camera towards the island. "How long 'til we arrive Ron?""Five minutes."As we approached I noticed a few boats off in the distance headed to the island maybe 3 miles out but thought nothing of it at the time.The two snapped photos and recorded their notes as we approached the rocky shores of the Ring and soon enough we made our way on land through a flat peninsula wrapped around a small mountain. Jane documented the wildlife she saw not wanting to taint anything by touching it and we progressed deeper into the island where a pine forest stood."Pine?" Jane muttered to herself. "Out here? On a tropical island?""Well we may be under Antarctica's belt" Erwin noted."Mgh" I grunted "that ain't normal.""Huh?" Jane and Erwin whirled around in confusion."Snow" I muttered.And they looked and saw that it was true. The clouds over the sea had been low but these clouds were quite literally just out of arm's reach! No not like a fog but the clouds were right above them and underneath them the air was moist and warm. I began to feel sick."If we reach lower ground""We must go back" I retorted. "Now.""We've been here no longer than ten minutes!" Jane argued as the confidence left her voice. She turned to her husband. "...Erwin?""Agh he may be right" Erwin spoke. "The boat""The boat!" I screamed as I ran up the hill. "It's gone out to sea! Why the aghh!"Jane began to cry."Oh we'll be alright" Erwin assured her. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. 'Where the hell am I?' I think to myselfI appear to be trapped in some sort of white box and my body feels strangeI can barely move but I am overcome by an instinct to tap my face against this and furiously slam my head into the wall of the round white cage.'How did I get here?' I break through just enough so that I can see out. But something meets my gaze an enormous parrot with vibrant red feathers.At first I try to scream but all I can manage is a half hearted squawk. Then suddenly my fear dissipates and I feel a connection to this majestic creature a warm and safe feeling. The bird uses her beak to break away chunks of whatever I am still trapped inside of while I am clawing my way out.I am freeI stumble over to her dazed and uneasy with my body. That's when I realise. My body is very wrong.I look behind me. The cage... it is... an egg?I look down. I see the same vibrant red feathers as before and claws at the end of my scaly feet.Then I look at the much larger parrot. She is... my mother?I rest my head in her feathers they are so incredibly soft. She wraps a wing around meThen my trance is broken I look up. 'Is this a dream?' I ask her expectantly. She stares at me blankly. 'Do you speak english?' still no response from her'Huh weird. WAIT! How do I know how to speak english?'Memories slowly flow back into my mind. I was a human with a family a job and... I died.'I have to tell everyone about this!' I decideI look over the edge of the nest'Ohhh crap that is high!' I squawkIn the distance I can see tall structures 'that must be a cityI have an idea. I need to fly to the city and tell the humans that I retained memories from my past life after I was reincarnated. Any human claiming such things would be laughing stock but what about a scarlet macaw?This plan is crazy but it seems the only optionI look over at my new mother 'I love you bird mum'She can't understand me but I get a loving 'Caw!' back'You can do this' I say to myselfI spread my wings wide and I leap from the nest.x200B; thank you for reading x200B;Hi I'm sort of new here this is my first piece of writing on this sub but I have read many in the past. I'm hoping I get a positive response as I'd love to write more for everyoneLots of love from Misty Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. It wasn't the first research center to explode over the last couple of days. There were several others in other countries. My friend from Switzerland called me and told me she worked near the lab when it happened yesterday. Strangely the explosion left every living being inside of it unharmed. Or so it seemed. The burning houses and the flying glass shards took their victims. After half an hour military ran down the streets looking for the injured and hurt. Later in the evening the military had spoken of infested territory and infected people. They started taking people with them that looked fine from the outside.I've been a biochemist for quite a while now and after that call I did some research but couldn't find any information about the explosions or what caused them.After my friend abruptly hung up on me I got a message not to worry and that everything was alright. Since then I've been more than worried and today this happened.My own research center exploded. It started in an area unknown to me. Same thing as before nobody got hurt or injured by the explosion itsself just by the aftermath it left behind. How did this work? How could this be possible? I was standing in the parking lot when it happened I saw several people running around yelling but I could only think of the explosion. What causes such a weird behaviour?I thought about it several minutes until I heard the sirens. That was the time I decided to leave. I took my car and tried to drive it outside the explosion area the military had already prepared for this scenario. They were faster. What was going on? I ran to my car before the sirens got to close and started driving outside of the explosion range.I will find out what caused it. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. "What were you able to glean from the pictures?" Josh asked putting a mug of coffee up to his lips."Well apparently" I said swallowing the hot coffee hard as it burnt the roof of my mouth. "I really loved 'synergies'." Josh chuckled and some coffee spilled from the rim. He slid his index finger up the side of the cup catching the runoff and wiping it on a dish towel that hung on the oven. We were in my kitchen or at least Joshua the RN helping me readjust told me. It had only been a few days after I was discharged from the hospital. Josh was a good guy. We were becoming buds. There was a knock on the door.Josh took one last sip of his coffee and walked over opening it. "Hi can I help" There was a loud BANG and the back of Josh's head exploded in a cloud of red mist. "Oh shit!" I yelled dropping my coffee and pounding upstairs. Without thinking I slid over to my bed my socks gliding over the carpet smoothly. I stuck an arm under the bed pulling out a large nike bag and slinging it over my shoulder."What the hell is this?" I wondered both at the contents of the bag and how I knew to find it.I opened the latch to my window and slid out the roof. I took a quick second to peer off the side of the roof. Three black SUVs were lined up outside my house. I saw a man in a suit get tear out of the driver's side door pulling a pistol out of his jacket and moving "tactically" or whatever towards my back yard. I took a few quick breaths and leapt from the roof rolling off the hood of the SUV and throwing my bug out bag into the fortunately empty passenger seat.The car was still running.I threw it in reverse and spun out of the suburbs. I saw in the rearview mirror the suits sprinting into their cars throwing open doors with abandon some driving away as their comrades pulled themselves into passenger and back seats clinging to the cars like leeches. I felt around the floor of the seat next to me and felt a manilla folder lying flat there. I swerved splaying the folder open with my fingers. More stock photos that I'd seen a dozen times over the last four days. Great.x200B;I tore them all out skittering and flying around the car until there was just one photo left.x200B;I saw my familiar face wearing a grey suit and shaking hands as a chart with the word "Agile" sat slightly blurry in the background.x200B;But this picture had a notation.x200B;A large red circle and the word underlined three times. x200B;TWIN High above the green streets of Nova Vitae in one of the Regency's luxury suites an unseen mechanism whirred. Claudia opened her eyes to the increasing harshness of the midmorning sun. The fauxvelvet drapes slowly collapsed into their pleated neatness until the room was fully exposed. She rolled away from the window and prodded the nightstand for a device that would return her to darkness but found none. She wondered why she had set up such a rude awakening. An antique clock on the far wall pointed out nine with the short hand and just left of six with the longer.Do I have a meeting today?She rolled unsteadily to her feet and nearly toppled a lamp as she braced the wall for support.Must have had some fun last night she thought then wondered when her head would start pounding. The room felt alienbut what luxury suite didn't? She passed a folder bearing her name as she strolled to the bathroom. Too early to remember she told herself.x200B;A soft chime sounded from a speaker by the door just after she had finished her morning ritual. She wrapped herself in a plush cotton robe and saw an automated cart on the screen waiting patiently. She let it in and took a seat at the bar. It offered coffee and a silver plattered breakfast of eggs a sliced bagel and a fruit spread which she accepted. She couldn't be sure but she had an inkling that this was all new to her.As much as she wanted to remain blissfully unaware she felt compelled to remember. She sipped the coffee and lifted the folder from the stool beside her. Inside was... herself. Printed photos of her in a variety of poses situations. A closeup of her biting down on a piece of overtopped avocado toast riding in a car with a man and two children laughing and many more ordinary scenes of city life and sunbathing. Each of them was layered with translucent branding: ProxyPix slanted across the page. They were all her she knew but also they were... someone else. Like they were intended to not be familiar at least not personal. A model. She washad been?a model the most generic kind. It was the logo that stood out the most the name that was printed on her checks.Beneath the last photo was a handwriteen note: Claudia meet me in room 426. Do not talk to anyone else. It's about your memory. a friend.She nearly choked on a bite of bagel as she had read it. Such dire undertones. Would a little elaboration have been so hard?She flipped back through the photos as she finished her breakfast prolonging what she was certain had to be the eye of a horrible storm.After she finished her breakfast Claudia rummaged through the suite and found a single outfit. It was the only artifact (aside from the folder) that hadn't been supplied by the hotel and it too probably wasn't hers. She slipped on the black denim jeans and an unmarked grey cotton tee. She gave a final unreassuring look to the mirror and made for room 426 before she could change her mind. She had to fight the urge to look for her phone one more time as she left the room.426 was just down the hall a few doors from hers. She stepped softly as she approached and put her ear to the door. She could hear arguing raised voices."I can't tell you... too sophisticated.""shouldn't... in love... product.""I told you! I'm not in love with her... you should... just... fucking empathy!""... just going.. print more...""THEY'RE NOT THINGS!"Something collided hard with the door slid to the floor.Claudia rushed quietly away called for an elevator.Was he talking about me? Were they after me?The elevator chimed and she entered before it had fully opened. She pressed the button for the lobby and repeatly tapped the close door button. She heard a loud helpless welp before they closed.x200B;She found a receptionist in the lobby and asked who was in room 426."Confidential we keep all client data private at the Regency.""But he left me a note in my room asking to meet.""Sorry matter of policy.""I think... I could hear arguing in the hall. Sounded violent. Could you send someone? 426?"He lifted his arm and a translucent screen expanded from it. He typed out some directive on his wrist and then turned his attention to somewhere across the lobby the view obstructed by a marble pillar. He nodded then looked blankly back at Claudia."Thank you. Could you tell me. Well this is embarassing. I don't remem...""Yes?""Is there a computer I could use here?" she panned her head around the lobby.He gave her a dissaproving look. "There is a public terminal down the street. On pelican.""Thanks." she turned and walked away tryed to ignore his obvious sneer.Two men were seated on a bench far to the right wearing identical black suits. The pillar had concealed them before. One of the men patted the other's shoulder seemingly waking him from a nap. They were poor sleuths pretending to look elsewhere but their eyes followed her.No good. She had to do something about that but how could she if she had not clue what she meant to them? First she needed answers.x200B;Claudia took a seat at a free terminal a thin square of glass mounted atop a chrome stand. It was hard to separate from the large window behind it which faced the entrance to the Regency. She was certain now that she was not in her world the world she... remembered wasn't the right word. Things were apparently off.Luckily the terminal was fairly obvious to use. A moment after she took her seat How can I help you? appeared on the screen. The outline of keys appeared on the translucent bar. She entered her name and was taken to a personal index featuring a concise bio. Some ProxyPix images filled the side. Under her name was a date range which interestingly wasn't open ended. Claudia Elante had died. But she had her face.Before the shock had fully sunk in she was distracted by a siren. An ambulance pulled to a stop across the street in front of the Regency. It would be she knew whoever had written the note. whoever had empathy for things things that weren't things. Whoever was looking out for her.Also on her page beneath her stock photos were files labeled under 'Public Domain FullBody Rendering' and one 'Neruonal Mapping.'Further down the page was a report that detailed ProxyPix's recent failure. The ambitious recreation of Claudia Elante her dissapearance before the public reveal and the missing cognitive engineer who was suspected to 'have fallen in love with his creation.'She wasn't surprised when she saw the man's reflection on the screen one of the suits from the Regency lobby. She felt a cold twinge of steel behind her ear. She felt defeat but not surprise. Then she felt nothing. Just the compulsion to stand walk follow listen.Edit: Forgot to edit placeholder paragraph Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. As they both reached for the same cartoon of milk. Recognition dawned on them and was quickly followed by overt hostility. After a tense moment the tall brunette released a long breath through her nose."Truce?"He looked at her for a moment as if reluctant to agree but he didn't want this fight. With a sigh he nodded in agreement."So are you normally around these parts?" she asked reaching past the slovenly blonde hero for the 2. "Last I checked you Capes and the suburbs go together like water and oil." Looking into her cart he was struck by how ordinary it all was. Baby diapers wipes fruit cups cereal ice cream eggs bacon. Her earthy brown hair was pulled into a ponytail kept in place by a red bandanna that matched her cardigan. With black dress pants a nononsense blouse and black converse she looked like a bogstandard office lady doing afterwork shopping. It all felt too normal for his nemesis Calamity a person capable of lifting cargo freighters and cutting it in half with laser vision. She looked like an ordinary working mom."That's a hell of a lot of crap in your cart" she said her eyebrow raising. "Who needs 12 frozen dinners? How do you have the freezer space?" Looking him up and down she was surprised by the unkempt blond hair and shabby attire: A stained grey sweatshirt over black sweatpants big holes in both knees greasy hair chipped nails and huge bags under his eyes. The young Psyche clearly didn't do Cape work for person gain or vanity. Her nemesis gave the impression of a malnourished hobo. Frankly he looked like as beaten down as she felt the day she kill her husband. She ran a hand over her head and fixed her bandanna before giving a sigh. "Do you live close?" He looked like a deer caught in the headlights. The villainess waited a moment before repeating herself her hazel eyes meeting his blue. As if snapping out of a daze he dumbly replied "I... might. Why?" He immediately felt stupid and snapped his mouth shut.Silence stretched awkwardly but the villainess had a determined look. This downtrodden man wasn't the painintheass that kept her children from a comfortable life. He was as desperate as her and she couldn't help but sympathize. Meeting his eyes again she took a shot. "Would you like to come over for dinner."Pyche was out of his element and the last thing he expected was a kind invitation. He was starving and the offering was tempting. When was the last time he'd eaten something that wasn't frozen or fried? He knew Calamity was too straight forward to be duplicitous. If she was offering to feed him she meant it. However accepting kindness from the woman responsible for his constant hospital bills didn't sit right by him. As his mouth opened to declined she grabbed his writ and effortlessly dragged him behind her cart. He looked back at his now abandoned cart feeling a pang of guilt for the poor employee that would have to deal with it."Like I said before truce. I won't hurt you I just feel sorry for you" she looked back at him and spoke soothingly. " and I will knock you out and carry your sorry carcass to my home if you're dumb enough to refuse." Her cocky confident smile crushed his objections better than the threat. He eventually gave a sign and nodded. She let go of his wrist and began weaving through shelves. She seemed to grab items at random from every isle The cart was heaping in no time. His eyes bugged out at the 400. She shooed away his meager attempt to pay and efficiently ferried him and her groceries to the car. Dinner what she called a "simple stirfry" was the best thing he'd ever tasted. Their talking stiff at first slowly became more natural. They had a lot in common from their interests to the major events they'd made in their life. While the choices made differed they both found catharsis in talking to someone who knew how broken the world was. After she put the twins down the evening wound down to drinking and swapping stories. The superpowered pair were both comfortably buzzed in short order. "I'm thinking of retiring as a Cape" he was ashamed to admit it but he was at his limit. Laying back into the couch with his head on her lap he just stared at her and waited for a response. "So evil triumphs over good eh?" She gave him that cocky half smile he was growing to like "If that's the case you've provided me with the perfect excuse.""For what?" his dopey smile dissolved into a yawn."To retire. Last I checked we were tied for wins and losses" she held up a finger and spoke like a stuffy aged professor for seemingly no reason. When drunk her confidence came off as hyperactive and goofy. While she emoted he watched the wine in her other hand slosh precariously close to the rim. "I've got enough money to accomplish my long term goal of sending my kids to college. Time to get out while the getting's good.""Lucky! All I got for Caping was dept and scars" he drolled. "Thanks by the way" he gave her a wink though it came off as a slow blink. She laughed anyway."Well that means we both did our jobs perfectly! A clap for both of us!" She tried to clap but only managed to spill some wine onto his already stained sweatshirt. While she started to apologies he lifted up shirt and licked his winesoaked shirt. She playful slapped his forehead and tried to contain alcohol induced giggles. "So Mr. Exhero" she tried and failed to sound nonchalant "Who's the man behind the mask. We've spent this entire evening together and still don't know each others names.""How the hell did that happen?" he said disbelievingly. "I'm Cole Buchanan currently unemployed superhero." He said with faux seriousness. "I'm Sandra McKenneth" her smile exploded onto her face before dissolving into a blank mask. She seemed to considered her words before shaking her head. "Alright I'm not good at being coy or beating around the bush" she she tried and failed to hide her nerves. Looking at Aaron she blurted out "Would you like to go on a date this weekend?"Aaron to his credit remained outwardly cool. Inside however he was screaming like a teenager. He feared his voice would crack if he spoke so he simply nodded and gave a toothy grin. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Incredible. The day had finally come where I would see the fast food chain McCoy's big burger release their equivalent to Willy Wonkas golden ticket. The wonderful enigmatic golden food stamp was slapped on one lucky assholes greasy delicious fast food container from the gods. That asshole is me.  I took my win like a champ I was over joyed! I Flipped the table i had just sat down at. A rain of slow motion salted fry confetti all about me... Later while reviewing security footage perhaps in hindsight.. it was a little dramatic.I would be the first fat ass human to taste a secret recipe on a new burger release.  Fast foward because really the middle part is strange just me in bed with a bunch of my uncle and his friends and yea just don't ask..Holding the burger in my hands I can feel nothing but utter triumph. My mouth waters as I bring it to my lips. I take a bite. Shit. It smells like shit! I open my eyes from my first bite. Its dark. I Feel bigger..heavier? Blinding lights out of know where. I try  to raise my hand to me eyes to block the lights. I Realise that I can't move. Am I dreaming? Was the burger I ate so incredibley delicious that passed out? Or so terrible aweful that I stroked out and died?  It didn't take long to realize I was dreaming of being a cow. And so vividly. I could actually feel what the cow felt smelt tasted. A couple of farmers gathered three cows myself included. My autopilot cow body followed the farmers. I took in the sensations. I am most definitly in a coma.. The farmers took us into a room it smelled of cleaner and something else.The florescent light hung an eerie light compared to the darkness outside. We were single file. I barley even heard the first burst of air and then I heard a thump. The first cow had fallen to the floor limp. The farmer approached the second cow. He was holding what looked like a fire extinguisher. The second cow shook its head it moved uneasily as the farmer placed the hose of his canister to the cows forehead. The burst of air a second thud. Whoa! Suddenly I am filled with overwhelming dread not mine... the cow that I was hitchhiking in. I feel the cow breath heavy he paces in place and watches wide eyed as the farmer placed the nozzle on its forehead.. a burst of air. I open my eyes and vomit all over the table in front of me. I am back in the secret burger test room. A woman sits across from me. "Oh my god.." I say recovering from the projectile vomit. The woman looks very concerned "was it bad?" She asks I take a deep breath and look at the burger that sits in front of me... " Is that bacon?" I reach for it. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. "Buildabear my ass. Look at this." "That's a Hello Kitty sir.""Yeah. What the fuck is it doing a bear shop.""I gotta code 490 on my hands requesting back up. Sir! Put down the limited addition Dora!" "All lies!! Lies! Lies!""Oh for fucks sake. Children children no need to cry he's tearing it apart so he can give it a new heart.""Mommy why is that man foaming at the mouth?""Oh that's not foam sweety... now come this way... that's just... cotton the same stuff they put in the bears.""BuildaBear BuildaBear BuildaBear BearaBuild to BuildaBear.""There he is!""Don't let him bite you.""ArgrGJGgghghghgh!! They're gonna stuff me I know it! Limited addition Tod! On display June 9th! Don't let them turn meeee. Don't let them turn meeeeE!!""Mom!" "Honey! Not now. This way!""Mom! They're stuffing him!""Hold him down.""I can't he's... slippery for some reason.""Arahrrhrhghh!! Arhahahrhrhrh!!'"Taze him!""Cut! That's enough."". . .""I think these children have learned their valuable lesson.""What is this? I demand to speak to a manager.""This is the effect of drugs mam. And we are D.A.R.E. BuildABear hired us to show to dangers of narcotics.""To five year olds?! This is way out of line.""Nothing is out of line mam. Not when the future of our youth is at stake. Now everyone give a round of applause to our amazing actor.""No! I'm calling to cops. You've traumatized everyone here.""Oh no. They're in on it too. Wilson! Show her your badge.""Yes sir! Here it is mam.""Unbelievable. This is unbelievable.""Now children stay sober or the next time you enter a BuildaBear you might just go over.""Yeah honey? We're moving to Canada. Now." Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. The celestials had chosen me. I had chosen my reward. If I survived their monster I would get it.So why did they hesitate."Are you certain? We cannot undo this.""Yes. Omnipotence. Absolute power including the power to grant myself as much knowledge as their is in the universe."Give yourself omnipotence and you can give yourself omniscience."Very well."The celestials vanished in a flash from my house. I scrambled immediately seeking out weapons when an earsplitting roar shook my apartment.What?I ran to my window. Outside in the city harbor something was breaching through the waves. It was hard to see in the moonless night but it was massive hundreds of feet tall. Its eyes glowed momentarily and I saw they were focused on me.In the back of my mind pieces fit together. The more power you ask for the more powerful the monster. It didn't top out at something like a monstrous alien twelve feet tall easily killed with a shotgun from a distance. It topped out in the godzilla range.If I get a nuke I can kill it. If I promise to help the US they'll give me a nuke right?"The roar was repeated and this time I became aware of dull thuds one every few seconds. It was coming for me.Right?Grabbing my car keys I ran. My car started easily enough and within minutes I was fleeing. The rules said no one could directly help or hinder me. People were sheltering in place. Meanwhile the monster was wrecking buildings yet they reformed behind it everyone still alive.The chase had begun in earnest.More stories at /r/JohnGarrigan It was your typical Thursday: I was lying in bed bored out of my mind despite needing to do chores and wishing something interesting would happen. Needless to say I wasn't expecting this."Run this by me again please. I want to make sure I understand what's going on" I told the being that had appeared in my room Eldritchlike with the body of an anthropomorphic rhinoceros beetle with tentacles coming out of its orifices. It wouldn't be a proper creature from beyond space and time without tentacles I thought grimly to myself my optimism for survival lowering even further as it explained again in my mind.Once a century the celestials choose one random human to be hunted by a monster of their creation. The human is allowed to describe in detail one supernatural ability for the creators to create and bestow upon them which they are allowed to keep as a prize if they defeat the monster.And there it was. My wish granted all I could ever want at my fingertips with a catch that could ruin me. I thought about it about what I could ask for: control of bugs and crustaceans like in that one web serial I was reading power beyond my imagination the Force itself at my disposal but one ability stood out to me: shapeshifting the ability to take on any form I desire each with unique abilities to help it succeed in its niche.When I told the creature the power I so desperately desired a fantasy of mine as yet unfulfilled it nodded its head. "It fits you Trevor. And now for the monster that you must defeat." I turned around and looked outside my window and gawked at what was happening. The lawn was being torn up worse than the dogs could ever manage; dirt grass and debris being formed into an amorphous mass before settling into a semicoherent shape. Immediately it shot a tendril of gravel at my window shattering it as it grabbed me and pulled me outside. I knew at once that this would be one heck of a battle and that the neighbors would be wondering why they couldn't see my yard all of a sudden. For what could counter a shapeshifter but another shapeshifter?Immediately I shifted into the form of a badger prepping myself to dig out this monstrosity's heart wherever it may be in this mass of earth. I hit the body with the force of a belly flop from a pool deck but quickly recovered and dug out clods of dirt gravel and grass. It was hopeless at first but I kept at it determination and stupidity fueling my efforts. Every piece I dug was quickly replaced by another and I knew I had to up the stakes. Taking the form of a bear I clawed out a larger chunk taking out its left leg. The mass of soil collapsed into dust and the beast tumbled to the ground. But it wasn't over yet as it grew two more legs in its place. Great I thought to myself. Not only is this thing tearing up the lawn but it's also got a hydra's regenerative abilities!I took a step back and shifted into my favorite animal the ringtail(https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ringtailedcat) to assess the situation. Size of creature: 3 meters tall. Mass: The whole front lawn and its topsoil. Abilities: Tendrils of solid material hydralike regeneration amorphous shapeshifting. That was when it clicked. To defeat an amorphous creature you must use its abilities against it. Immediately I grew and divided my limbs and tail extending them into openings in the creature's body. Pulling myself closer I sprayed it in its "mouth" while releasing an earsplitting scream. Surprisingly it worked though whether it was my limbs tearing it apart from the inside my spray poisoning it or the scream vibrating it at the right frequency to tear it apart was hard to say. The next thing I knew it crumbled to the ground in a lastditch effort to bury me alive as the lawn regained its former appearance. Jumping off and landing on the roof I saw the celestial being step outside. The beetlebeast gave me a knowing look and I knew that I had won. How to explain to my parents my newly gained abilities and how all the dog holes had been filled and covered with pristine grass though was a different matter. For the time being however I was content to stay in the form of a ringtail. Scratch that a fourarmed ringtail taur. Much better. "Reality Bending" I confidently declare. I've often had day dreams where I use this power and I wouldn't let it be passed up now.nbsp;"What do you mean mortal?" The shadowy figure asked with a hint of curiosity in his voice.nbsp;"I want the ability to create and edit my own version of reality and to bring the properties of said reality into this one. Effectively it lets me use the ability to summon entities into this world." The shadowy figure now seems taken back by this request and he begins to respond.nbsp;"Looks like we have an interesting proposal this time around. Very well if you want to destroy yourselves again we can always reset." The shadowy figure says now seemingly amused.nbsp;After some back and fourth it seems like I'm allowed to use the ability to defeat my opponent as well. Little did the celestial know just how strong this ability is."Come now Valac!" A dark cloud is spat up from the stony floor below as the the space within it fills out with a pale figure.nbsp;"Hello human my name is Valac. Ruler of thirty legions of demons and seeker of treasures. Today I have been offered a delectable contract. Destroy one blessed human and receive a great artifact for my collection." The demon ruler says in a regal tone.Valac is pale winged boy with fair hair and a look of certainty in his eyes.nbsp;Without a moments more notice the shadowy celestial whispers something as I feel an overwhelming energy pass through me supplying my coveted gift and the moment I realize that Valac begins coming at me head on. Little did he know how strong this ability is.nbsp;With no more than a blink of my eye I drag a summon to my side ready to protect me. Valac stops in his tracks with half the distance closed between us."I believe you may have met" I state loudly with a smirk on my face.nbsp;"This is my new friend... Cerberus. Bite."/r/CamelWrites Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Hehe cackled Count Sascula leering down at the young woman looking around the deserted street. He was perched atop a strange metal pole that somehow emitted light. There was a lot of strangeness around him but that was to be expected after a 1000 year rest. The times may change but Sascula didnt. He was still the same old vampire. Down below the pretty brownhaired gal sensed something was wrong. She was feeling a very primal instinct one that mankind seemed to have forgotten in their race for technological advancement. She was remembering what its like to be prey.Sascula rubbed his bat wings together. He could smell the fear emanating off the young lady. Good. Fear was the spice of life as he liked to say. He hoped she was a virgin as well. The young woman burst into a run her strange travelsack bouncing upanddown against her back. Sascula giggled and flew after her. He twisted the air as he went so that she began to hear strange noises: a large distorted footstep; a breath hissing by; a finger running down her spine. She shrieked and ran faster. Sascula could almost taste her blood. Rich hot stinking blood of mortals the ambrosia and nectar of gods. Oh how hungry he was! He amplified his batting wings so that she could hear the wind being pushed aside. And then as the woman rounded a corner Sascula burst ahead of her cutting her off and he morphed back into his true form. Rargh! he roared spreading his cloak menacingly and displaying his sharp fangs.The woman shrieked and made to run but Sascula whipped his hand out and caught her. She batted futilely at him crying and kicking. Sascula loved it. He loved every bit of the chase and the fight almost as much as he loved the feast itself.The woman sobbed something in a language he couldnt understand. No matter. Predators do not speak the language of prey.He grinned showing his gorgeous fangs off once more then pulled her in roughly. She screamed and tried to wrench herself away. Her throat gleamed.Sascula had enough foreplay. Her blood was spiced enough. He went in for the kill bending his head to bite down on her jugular and to tear it in pieces and consume the lifeforce trapped within herOut of the corner of his eye he saw another vampire. Sascula hissed and dashed back whipping his head around.The woman gasped and scrambled away weeping and shrieking. Sascula let her go. She was nothing more than a rat when compared to the potential feast of another vampire. It would be a dangerous fight after a 1000 years of hibernation but Sascula had to take the chance.But there was no sight of this vampire. Perhaps he had just imagined it? He cautiously moved forward looking around at all angles.There beside him! Sascula sprang back into a defensive position fangs fully bared in a threatening display. The other vampire did the same. The two Lords of the Night stared off at each other. Sascula moved left; the other vampire moved right. He feinted forward; the other vampire did the same. Sascula raised a hand and the other vampire copied him again.He was beginning to feel silly. What was this? Sascula cautiously moved closer. His foe seemed to be inside this strange building filled with various colourful clothes. A vampire seamstress? Sascula frowned. The other did so as well. And then he finally understood. The Count gasped and stepped forward. This was his reflection. This was him. Sascula ran a trembling hand over his face. His jaw was thin and narrow and he had a strong nose and small ears. His hair was black and framed his gaunt cheeks with their black curls. He opened his mouth and was pleased to see his fangs were every bit as sharp and intimidating as he had imagined.But the most distressing part was his eyes. He stared deep into them observed the curve of his brow and how they were slightly tilted at the ends. Sascula took a shaky breath and was suddenly transported to a time countless years ago when he was nothing more than a little boy in a nameless village beside a gently flowing river. A boy whod spend his nights curled up on his cot scared of the dark and monsters. A boy whod find comfort in the warm loving gaze of the very eyes staring back at him right now in this reflection thousands of years later. He had his mothers eyes. They were hers without a doubt. The memory sparked in his ancient mind and he huddled his hands around it gently blowing soft air to grow the flame.Sascula stood in front of the mirror for a long time that night trying to remember the name of a woman hed long ago forgotten. And when he couldn't remember he flew away his hunger forgotten and replaced by an aching quiet grief.check out my subreddit for more stories... if you dare :D /r/chrischang The world had changed since he last walked the earth. Humanity was hardly recognizable. Its small towns struggling to survive had been replaced by massive thriving congregations of souls both supernatural and natural. They no longer seemed to fear or even know of the others that walked among them. Perhaps it was better that way for both of their kinds.Matei had once been one of them though he had long since been changed by the blooddrinkers. His very nature had been warped and he was cast away from humanity. Vampires were feared and rightfully so. Their strength their hunger could easily end the life of a fragile human. Humans and the supernatural did not mix.In that the world had not changed in the last thousand years. Humans could not see him as he walked by them if he did not will it. He could not cross the threshold into their homes. He could not so easily offer to break bread with a stranger nor be treated with kindness in return.Still after seeing the growth the world had gone through during his slumber he had hoped. Perhaps he could feel human once more or imagine warm blood coursing through his veins. But no.His disappointment hit him harder than he had expected. His hope for something to change after a thousand years had been a small one. He had more so sealed himself away as a way to stave off falling to his instinct to feed. Still any hope no matter its size often led to heartache.When he had first laid eyes on the modern world he had held an interest in seeing it. But now he could not bother. He once more withdrew and wandered into an abandoned building crumbling and in disrepair. He did not know what it was for nor what many of the things the building held even were.What was important was that it was empty. Here he could keep away from the sightless eyes of humans. From the rejection of their animal companions. From the reminder of what he had lost what he now was.Matei had not asked to be turned to be cursed as he was.More than anything he kept away from the mirrors shattered or cracked as many of them were. In the years before his sleep he had hated reflections the most. The empty image looking back at him most closely showed him how he felt inside and how little he had left.On this night his despair and anger his hatred at the world and mostly at himself was at its peak. He drove himself towards the mirror as a punishment for himself.But he could only stare slackjawed at the reflection. Impossibly the silvered mirror was not empty.The face staring back at him was odd. The man he had once been had been washed away in the turning. The scar on his forehead from when his brother had pushed him out of their tree had been wiped away. Perfectly healed skin took its place taking with it a tie to his family.His face was leaner more symmetrical. Vampires were known for their bewitching appearance. It appeared they all became that way not that they were selected based on their looks. Gone were the chubby cheeks Iulia had always teased him about.The short unruly hair he had always kept had grown long and straight. Though that was likely more a result of his long uninterrupted sleep.All in all the reflection he had long desired was that of a stranger for all but one thing. His eyes.The mere glimpse of them he could see passed his tears was instantly recognizable. It was him. He was still Matei. Despite the cravings the rage the timeless youth and the loss of all he had ever known the eyes looking back at him were still human.r/Inder for more stories like this! "Darling thy lips are like honeyed rose and thy eyes are little gems far more brilliant than any diamond." Alabaster leaned closer to the woman smelling the sweet scent of her flesh seeing the veins lurking beneath her pale skin. He flashed his fangs and could hear her heartbeat rise flushing her face. She was within his grip he knew it."Go away!" she replied pulling away from him slapping at his face. He'd cornered her in an alleyway behind a bar in Alameda. Horses trotted past on the road behind themclose enough to hear a scream but not close enough to do anything about it."Why do you resist me so? We are but two beautiful creatures on this sweet summer night. I promise I won't hurt you . . . unless you want me to.""You're a freak!" she said still writhing.He pulled back a bit. "I'm the most elegant creature this world has seen. We have a bad reputation but let's not act like I'm not beautiful."Scoffing the woman tried to make a run for it. One of her heels snapped and she twisted her ankle yelping. Alabaster winced then walked over her toward the main road. "Tainted. Why did you have to go and ruin your perfection like that? What a filthy bruise that will leave filled with acrid blood.""Fuck off you creep" the woman said nursing her leg."Whatever. You're ugly anyway. Fucking bitch. You'd have been lucky to spend a night with a little slice of God." He slipped out of the alleyway keeping himself low then shifted into a bat and flew into the night sky.Alabaster lay in a rickety old coffin in an abandoned church staring into moldy cracks in the stone ceiling. Wind whistled through broken windows downstairs and though the chill didn't bother him the sound did."Why are you so brooding tonight?" Alabaster's only friend Cairo was lurking in the dark hall outside his chambers. "Lose another catch?""No" he said scoffing. "I couldn't find anyone worthy enough.""You're gonna die at this rate Al. At least go kill a squirrel or something.""What kind of savage do you take me for? My body is a temple and only the most perfect prey will suit me.""Will death suit you well I wonder?" Cairo asked chuckling. "Any day now you'll enter another deep sleep and wake up alone again. Don't be a fool."Alabaster dismissed him with a wave. "What would you know fool? You're rather homely for a vampire. It is only through great effort that I preserve myself."Cairo laughed again quite hard. "Alright Al. If you say so. See you in a thousand years."Al grumbled but knew his friend was righthe could feel the pull at the back of his mind. He was going dormant and soon. Too soon.Please be there when I wake up at least he thought.Waking up after a deep deep sleep is like being born again. The first few moments are unnerving and overwhelming as every sensory input explodes. It's too much and the brain can't handle it. It took Alabster a few days to finally break out of his coffinCairo must have sealed it for him at least.When he did he found himself in the ruins of the church he'd slept in. There were no signs of Cairo anywhere and the church had been destroyed enough that had he not already known he would not have guessed it was ever a church. Slowly he made his way through gaps in shattered wood and stone tearing through overgrowth until he found himself in a strange room that had been recently lived in. There were dead torches and messy bedrolls bottles scattered around the floor. It was a mess really and the smell made Alabaster nauseated. He proceeded through the hall and found another odd room a chamber of sorts with raggedy clothes hanging on racks and a large chunk of glass on the wall.He ducked as someone moved within it. He approached prepared for a fight though he heard and smelled no one. Rising slowly he saw the movement againbut realized it was tied to his own. A spell of some sorts copying his movement perhaps.But as he stood higher and approached with care he realized it was an exact mimicry of himself. Behind his copy was the hallway he'd just walked through and the glass was solid to touch. It looked like an alternate reality he'd been trapped inor maybe he was the one trapped. He lifted a hand to his face and his copy did the same.It was in that moment that Alabster realized he was seeing himself for the first time as the world saw him. For a few moments he poked at his head turning it examining it. Closed one eye and saw the copy do the same. It was really him. He fell to his knees. Alone in the darkness he wept like a lost child."Fuck" he said crumpling. "I'm so goddamn ugly."/r/resonatingfury I have lived for centuries. No mortal is my equal and not many of the undead are either. I killed my maker before I turned 100. An accomplishment for most any fledgling but even more so for me as my maker was at least 3 centuries old when she created me. My will is immutable. I once turned a 3 tonne boulder into dust by staring at it for 72 hours straight. Once during lunch I caused the CEO of a Fortune 500 company to piss himself by shooting him a glance. He had it coming he was talking on his speakerphone. These are minor things for me. I have powers. I can read minds. I don't often do it as it makes things too easy for me. It removes all of the challenge. But this situation is... unique. I reach out and find absolutely nothing. I haven't read this pristine of a blank page since that time in the 80's when I partied with a coked out Stephen King in the middle of a massive case of writer's block. Before me stands a man dressed in identical clothes to me. Mental note kill Giovanni my personal fashion consultant who assured me that this was a one and only suit. Even more disconcerting is that this individual flawlessly mimics my every move. Even when I fake right and go left he is always one step ahead of me. He even mocks my words but speaks none as I greet him then in a rage challenge him! It is as if he can read my mind but surely that is impossible. Finally a worthy opponent after all these centuries. I clear my mind and focus. Like the rock so long ago I see my opponent slowly dissolve into du... "At last after a thousand years it's time to feed again!" I whispered to myself.  I tried to open my coffin door only to find that it didn't want to open easily.  I pushed harder and the coffin lid refused to budge.  Finally after putting all my efforts into it the coffin door exploded open into a dark space.My eyes adjusted to my dark surroundings.  This was not my mansion.  The walls were white and blue trim this place was cavernous compared to my mansion.  The place reeked of human but also had a nice floral scent to it as well.  The ground was solid and uniform except for the gaping hole where my coffin was. Apparently some imbecile paved over it with the same stuff they used for roads but this was far smoother than any road I'd ever seen. As I got better adjusted to being vertical after laying down for a century I started to look around.  Small walls with hooks on them had various packages with words on them what exactly is a "soap dispenser" anyway?  I continued to search to find out just where I was in a strange place with odd fixtures everyehere.  Towels that appeared to come in a myriad of colors smaller towels something called wash cloths and something called a shower curtain?  What is this strange place?Finally I get to the end of the corridor and I see a street sign or at least something resembling a street sign.  "BATHROOM DECOR" the sign read.  I began to wander around a bit more trying to unravel the mystery and I see another corridor this one labelled "BATHROOM ACCESSORIES".  I made my way slowly down the walk and even in the dim light I could see it a full length mirror at least as tall as I was just standing there at the end of the row.  Instinctively I turned around with every hair on my body standing on end like so many halloween cats.  I turned around and didn't see anyone nor could I hear anyone other than me.  There was the ever present stench of humans but this was an older stench several hours old by now and no one was near.I cautiously approached the mirror again but this time I realized that the figure in the mirror was well mirroring my movements.  Finally I throw my hands up and so does the figure in the mirror.  "What blasphemy is this?  Mirrors don't work this way?" I jumped back aghast.  For thousands of years mirrors simply did not reflect me they would reflect everything else but me due to their silver backing. I cautiously picked up the mirror and turned it over.  The paper on the back had the inscription "MADE IN CHINA FOR WALMART" "BACKING MADE WITH CHROMIUM" "DO NOT INSTALL IN A WET LOCATION".Hm well that's curious.  Not sure what this chromium is but apparently it's not silver.  I returned the mirror to its location on the wall but I guess I didn't do it right as I felt it slip.  Almost as if it was slow motion I saw the mirror hit the ground hard on the corner.  The plastic framing split and the glass panel shattered into a million pieces.As if triggered by the noise alarms and sirens started screeching and suddenly the place was lit up as if it was daytime.  I looked at the overhead lights and let out a demonic hiss as I reacted to the sudden brightness.  Amazingly this light didn't hurt me but the light was bright like the sun.  "What on earth is happening?  This place doesn't make sense!" I exclaimed no longer afraid of who or what hurt me."YO! Count Dracula stop where you are and put our hands on your head!" shouted an authoritative sounding voice from behind me.  I could see in the mirrors in the display case that there was what appeared to be a deputy of the law behind me and he had what appeared to be a bright yellow gun of some sort pointed at me."Well this is a new development" I sighed.  Finally meat was back on the menu. spaceships. Plural. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. They came one after the other. Strange creatures youve never seen before hard to describe with the human tongue alone. They eyes you up and tried to grab you all of them desperately vying for your attention as if you were some sort of deity that would grant them salvation. Their were so many of them yelling that it was almost incoherent but luckily they well some of them at least seemed to speak your language.  Invest in quadrant six ASAP we have the cleanest system free of pollution and the best pools of water youll ever have the joy of partaking in! said a young looking creature that was an orange blob covered with eyes and one mouth. Come to Scenrias! We have the most advanced technology that can make all your fantasies come true before you can even comprehend! shouted a pink alien with long tentacles coming from the center of her body which was just a large circle. Ignore all these others. Theyre just trying to scam you. My planet has the highest quality of life in all the cosmos that youll be living over 300 years old and feel just like your in your early 20s. responded a blue ball of gas. You couldnt handle all of them screeching for you. What was once a dream had quickly became a nightmare. Their pulls at your arms were beginning to hurt and your ears were starting to wear down. In a frenzy you swung your arms wildly and tore through the crowd of unfamiliar beings. You jetted onto one of their ships and slammed the button you saw on the side of the entry. The door to the ship slammed shut and you allowed yourself a moment to rest. There was only one thing to do now.You reached for your phone preparing to type out a refusal when you felt something grab your neck. You were spun around and came face to face with the blue ball of gas you glanced at earlier. Im so glad youve chosen my planet Darwin. Now let us make haste at once. That wasnt your name but that didnt matter. He carried you away with what you could only assume to be ESP and set you down in a seat. A belt came down around you pinning you to the chair. The next thing you heard after the haunting click of the seatbelt was the hum of the engine. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. While praying to Aphrodite for advice on planning a date a Greek hero appeared to help but he couldn't understand why you refuse to wear a full suit of armor. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Sitting on the edge of their bed Blake couldnt help but groan as the heavily armored man in front of them paced ranting. The candles and lilac on the shrine to aphrodite were still burning and to be honest for the first time ever Blake wished that the prayer hadnt worked. Illius. I swear to Zeus I am not wearing armor to my date! I like my shirt and tie perfectly fine! I do not need fashion advice I just need to know how to make them like me. Blake motioned with their hands as they talked pointing out every word slowly and making sure each one was heard sighing and holding their face with their hand. Illius stood straight up lifting their sword to the heavens and almost piercing the roof of the small apartment. Show them your status and prowess in battle! No! Blake stood shouting and throwing their hands up before flopping back onto the bed grumbling Whoever forgot to tell me Aphrodite used to be a war god can drown in the StyxIllius sat next to Blake patting their back softly and looking forward. After thinking for a moment he spoke. Look little warrior child this date of yours you like them yes?Blake opened their mouth to speak before closing it again not moving away from the touch. After a moment they swallowed and began to speak. Yeah I do like them. A lot. Theyre nice and caring and when they get excited they bounce a little bit and its so cute and just Blake trailed off smiling and blushing a bit. Illius smiled softly rubbing Blakes back. And they agreed to go out on this date with you correct? If they did not like you then they would not have agreed to go. The way you need to have them like you is be your best self share your happiness with them and support them in what they do. Blake nodded sitting up a bit straighter. Yeah youre right. Im just freaking out. A lot. I really like them and Im just I dont want to screw this up. They turned to Illius nodding. Guess my prayers did get answered after all. Illius shot up shouting and slashing their sword cutting through a wooden desk. And the best way to show who you are is with an ornate set of armor! Don your gear for battle! We ride on the battleground of love!Blake shot up with their hands to their cheeks. Illius! I cant afford to buy another one of those! Blake jumped forward and tried to wrestle the sword away from Illius pulling on them and climbing up the greek warrior a bit. Illius shouted and flexed. Thats the spirit little warrior! Come! The fight is near! Illius charged forward bursting through the door and running through the apartment complex Blake hanging on for their life and screaming all the way. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. To a passerby Thorneberry Park is like any other park. Green space a picnic bench or two a swing set and a climbing structure with the word "FUCK" carved in the side of the slide. To the residents of Sheridan Meadows it is an anomaly. It is an anomaly because right in the centre of the main greenspace is a symbol.From the ground the symbol isn't so much a symbol as a series of features in a grassy field. A hill there a valley there and a patch of grass that is lighter green than the rest. From Dave's apartment building however it looks like a runic symbol in the shape of a man being pierced by a giant pencil. At least that's what it looked like to Dave. To his parents who paid his rent it looked like a few small hills and valleys with a patch of light green grass.Every Fall the Sheridan Meadows council would try to level out the green space to put in a skating rink in the Winter. And every Spring the symbol would return. The first year Dave was in his apartment the City used a bulldozer to flatten the field. Another year they filled it with top soil. They even tried crushed stone. It always came back. Dave thought it would be easier to not have a skating rink. Or just add more water to fill in the valleys. The hills were only eight to ten inches high.Dave had an intimate relationship with the symbol. Monday through Friday he would always find himself late for the bus and running through the symbol on his was to work at CafeVibro the local coffee shop. The sex jokes never got old at CafeVibro. Every teenage boy would stifle a giggle when they ordered a hazelnut latte and were asked "one pump of two?" Once Dave responded with "looks like that's all you'll need anyway." That particular brat decided that comment was worth taking up with Dave's manager Karen. She docked his hours for a month over it.On this particular Monday Dave was particularly late for work. He was running particularly fast when he tripped over a particular little hill that looked like a particular pencil. The reason Dave tripped over this particular hill is because he noticed a particular patch of light green grass was particularly greener than usual. As Dave tripped he became particularly aware of the symbol contacting his knees his elbows and finally his cheek.He laid there for a minute and with an audible "uuuuuughh" he rolled onto his back. What Dave saw next would be burned into his memory until the day he died. Which unfortunately for Dave was going to be a lot sooner than he'd expected. Static fills my dreams an unquantafiable volley of maddening daggers stabbing at my mind's eye a sudden influx of aeonold knowledge crawls by my temporal lobe piercing the hippocampus I am embedded with the ancient code of lords. Awakened by a bestial impulse the room lit by a faint emerald hue I jet to the privy wash myself on the basin now glowing with a queer emerald tone. At this moment I beheld in the mirror shades of green around the seams of my eyes and nasal cavities entertaining a macabre idea I savagely open my jaws and was met by a blinding green light emanating from my throat accompanied by a voice not my own.This voice aborting a message in the air like a pocket of gas floating indefinetly informs me in guturral savage fashion to bereft myself of my garments. Following through with perverse fervor and willingness I beheled in my chest the same carving that has endured generations on Springfall Park. Witnessing the mark upon myself imbues me with satanic glee. I can hear the sigil in the park moaning and crowing scratching the air crafting a melody of notes tendrils of soundwaves overwhelm the matter of my apartment shifting and fusing it's very countenance dragging me away through the indigo night faint green dots in the distance grow larger I am moved.Dozens of men women infants splashed in emerald dancing a hideous dance in the park a green spectacle of madness! The strange sigil runs the choir a cacophony of delirious noise milk and honey to our ears electricity runs through our veins we chosen! Fever in motion the skin becomes too fastidious impeding our grave danze we grab the seams and leave nothing but verdant meat and bones. The sigil reaches out a weak translucent arm the ground beneath opens it's earthen maw swallowing us. The park quakes the earth tores asunder blinding emerald shines through the cracks an explosion of horror.  High and mighty the goliath rose showering the city of Springfall in it's noxious green glow betwixt his brows lies that queer ancient sigil on it's temple we dance and dance fueling the giant earthbane on it's death march through the kingdom of man. Soon the lords shall descend. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Got the idea by brainstorming with u/loganmorr150n Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Its been threehundred years. Threehundred years since the distress beacon was first sent out. Threehundred years since the ship disappeared into the abyss.Threehundred years ago this crew had families and friends praying for a return that would never happen. They had lives and hopes and dreams cut short in the cold and unforgiving expanse of space.Looking over the ancient ship its easy to spot what caused all the trouble; a severed fuel line. Such a small simple problem. It shouldve been an easy fix instead it was a death sentence.Threehundred years ago they built ships to last. By pulling energy from the dark matter in space the electrical components of the ship could run indefinitely. Threehundred years ago a distress signal started and fell on deaf ears. The crew wasted away watching their supplies dwindle waiting for a rescue that wasnt coming.Threehundred years ago a crew boarded a spaceship and set off into the stars. Threehundred years later that same ship serves as a metal casket cradling the dusty skeletons in the void.Theres nothing more I can do. Threehundred years ago it would have been easy to repair the line. I couldve saved them. I could have returned them to their families their homes. But here I am threehundred years later and theres nothing more I can do than offer up a simple prayer and reseal their crypt. Turning off the distress signal threehundred years after it first started I lay the crew to rest among the stars and pray that they find peace. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Sirens wail in the distance adding another level to your pounding headache. The world is a blur of red and green  a Christmas of forest and blood. You remember nothing but the leaves and a car out of place in the middle of the Northern woods. A faint recollection of confusion then overwhelming pain.Ever so slowly you rise to your feet ignoring the ache in your ankle as you do so. A quick scan of your body shows that youre bleeding from your head and a bone is protruding from your left leg. You need to get out of here this forest of nightmares but one tentative step shows that your leg wont allow you to go anymore. Instead you collapse to the mossy floor closing your eyes for the relief of darkness.You wake up in the back of an ambulance surrounded by hushed but urgent voices.That legs broken. says one.Almost there. replies another.Your eyes flutter open to find two women looking over you worry etched into their faces.Good your awake. says the one on the right dabbing your forehead with a damp cloth.Were almost to the hospital.Memories begin to surface slowly at first then much more urgently tied together with a sinking feeling that something is wrong. Not a memory but a sort of dread that fills your body and forces you to struggle to sit up.The women on the left tries to push you back down but you struggle against her.The hospital you gasp flailing your arms.The bomb!Yes yes were going there. she replies. Now hold still.No! You scream biting her arm as she tries to push you back into the gurney.The hospital!Cursing the woman glares at her colleague who reaches into her medical bag. You feel a sharp prick in your arm then the world goes black a numb and thoughtless void.You awake for the second time in a clean white hospital room a man in scrubs standing nearby. Hes staring at a chart but when he sees that youve woken He walks over.How are you feeling? He asks but all you can think about is the hospital the bomb.Out! You yell your voice muffled and slurred. Everyone out! Hospital! Bomb!Fine if you really want me to leave the nurse says switching off the lamp next to your bed.No! You rasp gasping for breath. You struggle to sit up but find that your arms are secured to the bed.Evacuate! You scream panic clouding your thoughts. Please!The nurse shakes his head grabbing a needle from a table nearby. Youre going to hurt yourself. he warns and you feel a sharp prick in your arm once again.You awake to loud voices outside your door. Hes having delusions yelling nonsense says one. You recognize the voice of the nurse from before. You must be careful not to upset him.I understand. says the second voice. Your heart leaps when you realize that its your sister.The door creaks open as she walks in worry and fatigue written all over her face.Please! you yell relieved that someone will finally take you seriously. You have to evacuate!Your sister looks confused and takes your hand in hers. Youre not making sense John. she says.But the bomb the hospital! Tears of desperation stream down your face.Youre upsetting him. You should probably leave. The nurse says gesturing to the door.Sure sure. replies your sister.You cling onto her hand but she pulls away walking to the door and shutting it behind her with a soft click. The nurse grabs that dreaded needle once more but before he can get to your bed hes sent flying backwards into the wall. The boom seems to reach your ears seconds after the realization that you have failed hitting you first. Relentless pressure then sweet release as the darkness envelops you. You can only hope that what comes next is enjoyable. After all you did your best. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. At first Ezekiel hadn't even noticed anything was wrong. He rarely went outside due to his  social anxiety even then only going out to his local Whole foods to get groceries or take long walks in the wilderness. With his job allowing him to work from home he almost never ventured outside of the renovated Victorian townhouse he called home.  Being a virgin at 32 and having almost no friends outside of work simply didn't bother him that much. So when a strangesounding Government alert popped up on his iphone he didn't take much notice.  The message: "Do not let them hug you" rose an eyebrow as to the maleficent nature of human interaction but he laughed it off as not applying to him before turning back to the "Gilmore Girls" episode he was watching.  He continued to think nothing of it the next morning as he prepared to chug down a pot of instacoffee along with a piece of burnt toast for breakfast.  Taking his poorly cooked meal to the massive mahogany table he prepared as always to read the news during breakfast. The ancient dining room he was in dwarfed its owner clearly built for a much larger family.  Despite the light pouring through three massive windows the room appeared dark and lifeless like an empty shell of its former self crying out in despair at its present state. Ezekiel liked it that way however for the cavernous interior of the estate proved much better than the cramped apartment he used to live in.     As he sipped is coffee however the strange and perplexing headlines popping up on his news app made him scratch his head in bewilderment. "Killer Hugs Ravishing World Population"?  "Australian Government Orders Lockdown In Wake of New Plague"?  His mind flashed back to the alert he had received the night before.  Was there some new virus spreading that he didn't know about? Should he be concerned? His brow furrowed with worry as he read through the articles each one more frightening and mysterious than the last.  His heart hit the floor as he read the most recent article dated 12 hours ago. Well it wasn't really an article in the most professional sense rather a long line of frantic words jostled down with no haste or pause. It was from the Washington Post and had just a few simple lines: GET OUT. GET OUT WHILE YOU STILL CAN. ANYONE CAN KILL YOU. RUN.  "This must be some sort of joke" he thought a hint of dread seeping into his mind. Suddenly his attention was drawn away from his device and towards one of the windows or rather what was outside his window. It should have been nothing out of the ordinary just one of his over friendly neighbors Mr. George. He didn't know much about the elderly man but had seen him walking outside his house many times before often with his dog Maybel. But something was off. His gait was a bit peculiar the slightest bit off from his usual stroll. There was a certain wobble to it the ambiguity of an aimless man wandering about with no destination or determination. It was enough to keep him watching as Mr. George stumbled up to another neighbor a woman who looked familiar but whose name he forgot at the moment. She seemed to have no clue as to the vexing nature of her neighbor her face wrapped in the empathy of friendship as they discussed something Ezekiel didn't hear.  As they were talking Mr. George seemed to perk up suddenly as if he was receiving a message from an unknown presence. He immediately smothered the lady in an enveloping seemingly heartfelt hug.  She gasped with shock and delight but Ezekiel knew something was wrong.   All the news articles were telling him to avoid physical contact and to avoid people who appeared overly eager to embrace you. And Mr. George definitely met those criteria. He hurriedly got up and sprinted to his front door throwing it wide open as soon as he reached it.      "Miss don't let him hug you!" he shouted his cry shattering the peaceful sunny day. He had to warn her of  whatever he had read about even though he himself didn't quite understand it. Startled they both turned and immediately looked at Ezekiel.  "Ezekiel? Is that you?"  the woman asked  a bewildered look on her face. "What in heaven's name are you talking about?  He suddenly felt like a big fat idiot but he had to warn her. " Iuh read something that says there's some sort of virus going around. They say it's spread by physical contact. So uh you should avoid" " Ezekiel I never!" the woman spat making the 32 year old recoil like a puppy that just peed on the carpet.  " I knew you hate people but this? Ruining friendships just because you don't like a good old fashioned cuddle? Shame on you!" She seemed pissed. Really pissed.  And an offended Mr. George was standing right next to her a scowl visible beneath his greying mustache.  And something weird on his right arm. He barely noticed but something was growing on it. It was hard to tell from 50 feet away but it appeared to be some sort of grey fuzz slowly making its way under the cuff on his sweatervest. Neither of them appeared to notice as they began making their way towards Ezekiel's house. "I think you just need a good hug yourself young man." Mr. George rasped shambling towards his house in a zombielike state.  He was clearly not well but neither of them seemed to notice as they advanced towards his front porch with a clear intent of violating his personal space.  Ezekiel barely managed to get the door shut in time just missing their outstretched hands.  His heart was racing as he locked the door. On the other side he could hear clawing and scratching as his former neighbors clamored at the ancient piece of wood.  Their behavior justified the worst of his fears. And for the first time in his life he wished he wasn't alone. At the age of fourteen I was diagnosed with clinical depression so my parents insisted that we move to the town by the name of May Hills which went under the title "The Happiest Town On Planet Earth." I argued with my parents about it until one day they got sick of it and ended the discussion with a simple "no." By the time our fued had ended they had already packed all of our belongings and had put them in the car. "I hate this idea" said my sister who was two years older than me. "This is going to end badly for all of us" I repeated. My parents looked at each other sighed and turned up the radio.When we finally arrived at May Hills it looked just like the crappy brochure that my dad handed me two months ago. We found our house and got everything moved in then my mom said "go make some friends." So i took twenty dollars left the house and went to get some ice cream at the local store. While I was at the counter I noticed a strange looking boy around the same age as me so taking what my parents said into account I walked over to him."Hi how are you" I said hoping not to sound too friendly. He didn't say anything he just reached out for a hug. I slowly backed away from the strange boy not noticing that he was surrounded by a pinkish red mist. My name was called so I went up to the counter got my ice cream and left. By the time I got home I noticed it tasted weird so I threw it away. When I got into the house everyone welcomed me with a hug. I broke away from the hug using all of my strength and asked them what they thought they were doing. They didn't respond. I thought that was a little creepy but I just shrugged it off and went into my room. As I was about to sit down and turn on the Tv the doorbell rang.Since nobody else answered the door I went to the door and opened it. Nobody was there just a cake saying "Welcome to The Happiest Town On Planet Earth." "Enough with this stupid motto" I thought.I went back to my room and turned the Tv on. It was on the channel for the local news station. As they were going through with their broadcast I heard the sound of laughter and then everyone on set started to hug each other. The rest of the broadcast went on normally. I went back out to the kitchen to ask my mom what we were going to have for dinner and she said that we were invited to our neighbor's house.When it was time for us to head over to our neighbor's house we found a mob on the street surrounding our house and everyone went in for a one thousand person group hug. I walked back inside and then I heard a loud pop.I looked out my window and saw multiple people including my family exploding into clouds of pinkish red mist. I rushed outside to try to stop it. By the time I got to our front yard there was only one person left standing there. It was the boy from the ice cream shop. "Welcome to The Happiest Town On Planet Earth" he said before vaporizing. Four years later I still think back to that day not even my therapist believes me. Maybe I should join my family.Edit: Sorry if it's a bit long it was my first time writing one of these. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. a poem Toad Man Stan was a one man band   strumming and croaking on his own lily pad   He chanced to go float on his green makeshift boat   and serenade the swamp with a new tune he wroteThe frogs had their logs on the lookout for flies   too hungry to pay Stan any mindOl Joe Bobcat retired and fat    at the waters edge contentedly satStan croaked I been waiting chere   To show you I care. Cuz babe youre just finer than frogs hair    His cheerful toad lilt was charmingly built.   They said Stand been blessed with a voice that was giltOf course any person woman or bloke   would just hear that song as an awful croak   But to his kind with ears thus refined   to listen more closely they were found most inclinedRipples of water the catfish at play   called to the toad Is that what youve been doing all day?"The sun had gone down the waters grew shady   and Stan hoped his song would reach a toad ladyThe hours passed and the possums came out.    the local raccoon carefully washed his snoutStans heart felt it would sink and he paused to think   I keep singing but this venue just stinks   His guitar carefully stowed he headed to his abode   till at the corner of his eye appeared a toad.   Toad Man Stan is that you? I guess the stories are true.   You sing like Kermit and youve a nice canoe!   Stan smiled at the cute toadette decided not to jet.   Realizing his night was one not to regret. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Once a mighty feared devil on earth found himself in self exile on a deep concave crater on the surface of the moon. The devil's dew an ancient ailment that shrivelled demon hearts since aeons past now overwhelmed the newly reformed creature but no shaved horns or clipped wings can stave off or fool this archaic illness.Hunched over the glass globe where earth's stream of consciousness transcribes itself on the surface the old devil witnessed a crime nightime sidewalk a young woman being held at gunpoint by a masked assailant. Knowing in his heart this could be his final atonement for his past sins he waves the moon dragons farewell and kisses the children on their temples. Dragging his feet towards the dust whirlpool he looks back with a waning smile and is swallowed by the void.Back on earth the masked man is met with a fistful of dust blinded and disoriented the young woman startled by the cloud of chalk and the emaciated black figure inside it took the opportunity and ran tripping and sobbing all the way.The old devil weak and ill grabs for purchase at the gun struggling he manages to twist the man's wrist counter clockwise a whole 24 hours. A sudden flash and an explosion eats the night. Black oozes from the devil's chest he sits on the pavement next to the wailing assailant sirens drown his cries.  A soft whirlwind of dust whisks away the old devil cradling him in it's embrace. Many people remember the night police arrested a man covered in white dust with a backwards hand not for this fact alone but for the glowing bright moon some even swore they could hear children laughing inside there homes parks even the streets. Most peculiar thing was everybody agreed it was a benign joyful presence. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. I spot her in the corner where she always hung with her girls. Taking one confident sip of my beer I walk over to her careful not to make eye contact with her. I glance over once I settle down in my stool a few spots from her and we lock eyes. Without breaking eye contact she spoke to one of her friends next to her before closing the gap between us. I devour her with my gaze remembering every feature and line on her body without looking creepy. We exchanged words and i used variations of the same pickup line just to see how she would react. I called the bartender and ordered a round of beer for her and her friends. Like normal she pulled her eyeliner pen from her purse and lifted my shirt sleeve writing her phone number and her name with a heart next to it. I knew her number by heart by now but I still took care not to smudge the writing. Her writing. She leaned closer to my ear the strong smell of her perfume filling my nose. I felt tingles go down my body as she asked me to dance. We stayed on the dance floor for another half hour before one of her friends came to get her to head out. She tapped her forearm in the area where she left her number on me and winked. I smiled lifting the shirt a bit to see the heart. It was a bit smudged from my sweat and my shirt but I did well to memorize it. Then she disappeared from my sight covered by the crowds of people and flashing lights. My smile faded. I had spent the last 10 years with her by my side knowing where each other was and where they were going it felt odd to let her leave without a kiss a touch. I ordered a cola and closed my tab walking out into the cold night alone. I immediately put her number and name into my phone adding a heart symbol before her nameI had messed up a few times and contacted her too soon. I had to wait over a decade several times before I was able to go back 10 years. I didnt know if it was some sort of longterm groundhog day situation but I always got sent back around the same time to around the same place. I had experimented a few times going back with different girls to the point where I could name the social security number of a handful of them but Myra always felt right. There was an unspoken compatibility that we had that I had never felt anything close to with any other girl. Despite any of my interventions on fate her life always played the same with or without me.Girl goes to the bar 10 years later she is killed in a car crash. Ive tried to find the driver to prevent him from taking that route but its always a different person a different route a different day. The first person I stopped delayed her death by a week before she got into another accident. I convinced her that I would drive her that week the next time knowing that I would feel better gone together than surviving on my own and I would be the only survivor. Ive kept my distance only to see it happen on the news.Ive given up trying to stop it because it happens every time. Instead I go through her bucket list one by one no matter the cost distance or time it took to complete it. The look on her face the experience I get to have with her the stories we tell to friends and family afterward is what keeps me motivated to not experiment with taking my own life.For Myra I keep going to make her happy. Every time.Underneath the comments I simply put:y53. Hike the Himalayas. This is so stupid I'm probably going to delete it. Melissa's party was off the chain yo!We played pool by the pool I ain't foolin' ya'. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!But somethin' weird happened when I started drinkin' her dad's secret hidden whiskey. I gasped when I saw that it was from 1783. That's my locker number!!!!After a few sips everything got all blue and swirly. Then everyone started talkin' with these really weird accents and like put on these old timey costumes. Also they got rid of the pool table. Not cool yo!But everyone was still suuuuuuuuuuuper nice. They showed me their gun collection. Oh MY GOD! They were sooo long. I didn't realize there were so many gun owning teenagers. But still awesome!I tried to find Melissa to show her but she must have bounced from her OWN party. I didn't care though. These wigged dudes were lit!Apparently it wasn't even Melissa's birthday after all. It was for a football game. I loooooooooooooooove football. I just don't keep up with the deets ya' know. But our team beat the Redcoats! Go Continentals woooo! I woke up just a bit hungover. Just a bit. It's no big deal. I rolled over when the sun ruined my chill. Somehow I managed to find the pool table again. That vomit was there when I got there honest. Melissa was asleep on the porch the whole time! I thought I looked there. But she LOVED my new leather coat that the guys gave me. It had sooo many pockets! poemOne martini two martini three martini floorStumbling through time like an unlocked doorPartying with Greeks and start a cultDionysis is all my faultGet fed up and chug some wineShare a drink with a guy called einsteinFreak him out as I leaveTo the future as I heaveAs I tuck into a robot bed Im unaware that Im wanted deadThe government knows Ive hoped through time And to them Ive committed a crime Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. The neon red glow from the Japanese style street sign reflected through the thick beads of falling rain and I was painfully reminded of the fluid surrounding my body out in reality. Talk radio shows playing digitally in people ear's always gave the advice "Don't think about it." with a chipper smile. With all the senses simulated in the virtual world you would think they'd have a better solution to wrongthink but I had more pressing matters anyway. I know I had seen that man's face before. Sixteen billion people in an everexpanding limitless virtual sandbox and I run into the same man twice? I tried not to think 'Something's fishy' lest the oversystem create a virtual fish scent for me to 'enjoy.'The beauty of Hikotimoni was understated in the brochures. Ancient twentyfirst century styled clothing mixed with anachronistic antique buildings were backdropped by a historically impossible lush green forest. But that was the beauty of our new VR world. Reality could be whatever you want. What I wanted was to find this stalking asshole and give him a taste of my mind. "Clear." I commanded the oversystem with a swipe of the hand to delete the suddenly spawned realistic rendering of a human brain on a plate.  My real job was the same as most peoples': Entertaining the dozen or so eggheads "Clear"  that still crunched numbers and designed resource processing systems for the automated production machines out in the real world. All I had to do was be me or as they liked to remind us from the endless wall hangings "Contribute to a greater society!". For me that meant dressing up in a long black trench coat and pretending the cigarette I smoked was the one injecting my body with drugs instead of the lifepod. 'Smoke ring.' I blew from my lungs a pixel perfect ring of smoke thanks to the almighty oversystem. Where had I seen his face before? The most recent sighting was on the subway. A lot of people dressed up in suits and pretended to be old timey paper pushers. Some people liked the comfort of monotony. I liked the comfort of answers. Another long draw on my cigarette. 'Smoke dart.' This time a ghostly playing dart flew from my mouth through the center of the fading ring. The man had looked out of place. But then again so did a lot of people. The vast majority tried to keep up with the attire recommended by the oversystem to maintain cohesion in a given subworld but it wasn't mandatory. Some people are just born to rebel. A lack of suit and tie wasn't my problem with the stranger. It almost looked like his face was pasted over top of his head scan. But that was impossible. The oversystem expressly forbid tampering with natural facial features. Our faces were the lifeline keeping us from being lost in our little fantasy worlds. "I saw him in another subworld." A hard fact. I couldn't prove it but then again I couldn't even prove that I still had real fingers or toes. For all I knew I was a head in a jar. The oversystem dimmed the lights of the world around me as existential dread started to seep in. A single CRT television illuminated in the darkening street that I know wasn't there before. "Don't think about it." A news anchor smiled straightening his papers. "And what about the weather today Johnny?" Gasping I felt a new injection of nicotine. The oversystem thought I took another hit. But it wasn't smoke cravings that I was sucking down. It was horror. Johnny the weatherman whose realtime footage the oversystem supplied had the same plasteredon face of my manyworld stalker. I could see it now staring into the monitor with inappropriately high resolution. The edges of Johnny's face weren't pixelated on the screen. They were pixelated in the actual virtual world. Something was very wrong. I sprinted down the rain soaked alleyway. To my horror every person I passed had the same face! I didn't dare interact with them. Whatever was wrong seemed to be contagious. Finally up ahead I spotted a woman in a blue kimono sliding shut her Japanesestyle inn. I stopped her from closing it completely. "Ma'am do you see what's going on? Do you know what's causing it?" She turned. She had Johnny's face too. I hyperventilated. The digital cigarette still in my hand tried to kill me. Wave after wave of injection but I was powerless to stop it. My virtual body collapsed on the floor. My real body awoke in a pool of transparent red liquid. Unaccustomed to thinking about breathing oxygen filled fluid instead of air I panicked some more. I was reaching the end of a human body's capacity for panic. Flashing red lights and obnoxious sirens filled the lifepod. The fluid drained. It wasn't supposed to do that. The Earth didn't have an oxygen atmosphere anymore. Realizing my mistake I tried to inhale a handful of the oozing liquid clinging to the inside of the pod but I only managed to swallow some. My gasping breaths filled me with nothing. Each one only sped up the process. The now inevitable process.The tiny chip in the back of my head chirped a preemptive eulogy. What little connection had remained communicating between my thoughts to the oversystem was now gone. The pod tilted and opened. I fell. Tumbling like a mountain landslide I hit pod after pod breaking bone after breaking bone. The glimpses of faces I saw through the twisting flashes as I spun passed their glass covered pods were all Johnny's. The realization hit me harder than my final destination of meatlike ground. I had gone crazy. There wasn't any virus or conspiracy or even a hacking cabal. It was just normal paranoid delusion. With my neck broke and no oxygen to keep me going. I tried to seek some meaning in my last glimpse of this life. Stretching out to the horizon where an orange and red sunset stared back at me miles of pink bodies stacked immeasurably high. Unable to decompose in the bacteria free environment they each still held onto their one unchangeable form. The handful of faces not obscured by broken limbs were all Johnny. At least I died in good company.  Blank SlateI say I moved for work but thats not really true is it? I applied for transfer to a different server and it was granted.Looking back now its odd I hadnt heard of a place of that size. Nearly 500000 users. It took the appearance of a large Midwestern city. Nondescript nonthreatening. Just sat there out on the plains.Id got a job as a data engineer and the datalake was massive. Petabytes and petabytes. Unstructured. Dynamic. Spent the first couple of weeks in a straight line between my apartment and the office. Just staring at a terminal consciousness immersed setting up the pipelines. At the time I could probably have told you given some insight to the endless streams that passed through my station but by this point I dont really remember what the project aim was.Be part of a breakthrough in adaptive intelligence thats all the advert had said.Given the wage attached to it I didnt look as closely as I probably should have.Still after those first days of wall to wall scramble I settled into routine. And part of that routine involved the cafe two blocks from my office. And a barista named Clara.She was gorgeous.Now I dont say that lightly and God knows I cant have been the only one who thought so you know? The cafe was secluded down this side alley that looked like it should just have been for deliveries so I cant have seen more than about 5 or 10 patrons at a time sitting in there.At least half of them would be looking at her. Surreptitiously. Black hair with electric blue lowlights. Lithe figure. An apron that did nothing to disguise her Well you get the idea. Cute as a button and sew much more as my Grammy used to say.It mustve been a few months by that point and Id look forward to seeing her. If I could Id take some work on a portable down to that quiet cafe and sit there for hours with a slow dripfeed of house black. And wait.Sooner or later shed come over. Great customer service I guess Id be kidding myself if I said it was anything more. But its so hard to meet people in a new place especially with a timetable like mine. Id said as much to her a couple of times and honestly I didnt think much of it. Its the kind of thing everyone talks about you know.The difficulties of fitting in.Well that day shed slid in to sit opposite me in utter silence and somehow I just hadnt noticed. Strange now I look back at it but at the time I was sunk into the data the files and clips and snippets flowing through my link like the gentle wash of some vast river. Hypnotic.Then I saw that smile.As beautiful as it ever had been lips at a slight quirk. I made my apologies. Probably blushing. Said I was sorry for not noticing her and that it hadnt been deliberate and that no one could ignore her. Blushed harder of course. God I mustve been so awkward. But through all my waffling she just sat there. Unblinking. That glistening halfsmile fixed in place.It was just when I was starting to become properly uncomfortable that she handed me a message interfaced directly with my menu. She said she had the perfect solution to my wanting to meet up with other new arrivals. Said to be at the address provided at 11pm that evening for a networking event unlike any other. And then she was gone back to the counter and the next customer as soundlessly as shed arrived. And I was sat there staring at the message. Club der Sauberen Schiefer 23rd and NeumannI dont remember how I got back to the office mustve been caught up in deciding but when my shift ended at 10 I went down to the guard at the front desk and I asked him how to get to the address. Figured a local would be better than whatever the servermap would throw up.He just stared at me.For a long time. Long enough my ears burned as I reduced in size in that stark aseptic lobby until I was looking up so far at that blank stare from behind the desk that it seemed minute. His voice came at a mumble as though somehow he resented telling me.Just turn at Liskov and keep going until its all brownstones youll see the sign.Then he hurried me out of the door with a strangely pitying expression. I was shaken obviously but as I stood there in the cool air of the street I decided Id walk rather than take a cab. That it would do me good to be outside. I know it makes no difference its all just so much data were swimming through. I know I could have set my personal ambience to a different value and just got on with my night. But I remember life before the servers.So I didnt. I turned north up Lovelace and I began to walk.It had a queer beauty that place. A mishmash of styles that the designers must have thought best represented the Midwest. Under the soft whiteblue glow of the street lamps and the crisp blanket of the night I relaxed somewhat. Strolled up the wide avenue and watched the other punters off on their evenings. Men and women out on the town or just coming off the late shift. Suits and dresses and jeans and trackies in the usual chaotic jumble of humanity.As I headed further north out of the CBD and to the transition region the buildings started to reduce in size. From skyscrapers down to more standard city blocks. The people started to thin too away from the hustle and bustle of the centre. Till it seemed for all the world that on that wide thoroughfare I was the only traveller.My pace rose. Almost imperceptibly at first. That subtle shuffling hurry you do when its late at night. Id been checking the clock and I didnt want to miss my first appearance at the event. Thought it would be rude to Clara after her invitation. Not sure why I even assumed shed be there.But by the time I reached the intersection with Liskov I was almost jogging. Breath straining ever so slightly against my chest. Lone trickle of sweat from my hairline cold against the air.The streetlight on the corner was out.And the shadows seemed so impossibly dark. Dark to the point I couldnt see the road. Couldnt distinguish the sidewalk from the walls of the buildings. This gaping maw of pitch blackness waiting to swallow me if I dared turn onto the street. I remember being confused more than anything. Confused to the point it overrode the rising tang of fear.I was in the server. You couldnt get faulty streetlights.I turned on the torch from my menu. Pushed forward into the dark in my little cone of light.I dont know how long I walked through those shadows. I guess terror has that effect. That little region of light hemmed in on all sides by a gnawing void.Then at last I heard the murmur of a crowd in the distance. The chaotic noise you can only get from large groups of people nattering and moving and breathing and all the things that humans do. I pushed toward it. Hurried through that strange and endless blackness toward the noise.The leering mottled faces of brownstones began to come into view through the murk and I found myself on 23rd. I stumbled into the yellow glow not registering for a second the change so desperate was I to leave that great dark. I didnt even stop to consider how I could have found myself on a different street after running dead ahead for so long.I stood there doubled over. Panting as though Id run a mile. And all the while the crowd flowed around me. Not pausing. Not a single figure in the throng stopping to check on this panicked man in their midst loudly hyperventilating.At last I recovered enough to start up again and tried not to think about it. Put it down to the stress of the job. An adverse reaction to some glitch in the system after a long day in the office. So I went looking for the club.It was close to 11 then and I pressed onward matching the flow of this vast crowd as I searched for the sign Id been promised. It seemed so natural. To be part of this congregation. To be swept along as just a part of a group. The sense of community I guess Id been longing for. So much that I never questioned where these people could have come from where they were going so late on a Thursday evening.The Club der Sauberen Schiefer was a townhouse just like the others a faded gilt sign proclaiming in quiet confidence its name. I expected to find some sort of 20th century revivalist extravagance inside and I wasnt disappointed. Pushing through the ornate oak door to the lobby sweeps of dark wood greeted me. Chintz cushions and padded green leather stools stood before a bar. A dapper older man in a waistcoat and formal wear playing butler behind it.Welcome he said welcome to new beginnings.Run out of characters consider this part 1 I'll continue as a comment. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Original prompt(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/fj61qj/wpyouareonalifechangingjourneyacrossa/?utmmediumandroidapputmsourceshare)Wilson breaths the mountain on his back not giving away the space for his lungs to expand and instead granting his back of new bruises with it's rough stoney surface. His lungs filled of dust and little air he breaths out and blows dust into his dry eyes. He had stopped trying to move a long time ago the mountain was ruthless and wasn't ever going to give away. But neither was he. His undying body keep on for what must have been generations on the outside world. Yet here in the mountain were nothing more than more of Wilson's pain. Wilson still remembered the prophecy that had gotten him this life. The beautiful carmesi and snow colored robes of the royal prophet as the old man walked up to the podium in front of the multiple where a young Wilson resided. The royal prophet then went on to explain the prophecy. Heroes from other worlds summoned to their world every time the great villian needed to be stopped. And the companions of the heroes with destinies as strong as the heroes themselves. Wilson still remember the prophet pointing out his child self from between the multitude and claim that he was destined to be a hero's mentor. Wilson remembered how special he felt. How determined he was. All the training with the royal knights. All the teachings of the monks of Tibat. All the research of the many dangerous beasts and lands of the jungles of Salvar to the deserts of Shaghar. And then he finally made his first mistake. His fists try to close in anger to the memory that he has been torturing himself with countless times. He took in his firsts two apprentices. Two children summoned from other worlds. Both believed to have been summoned to defeat the prophetic villain. Both with the potential to be one of the heroes of destiny. So of course he taught them. He taught them everything he knew. And then they went their separate ways. Their destinies broken yet set. Wilson had broken his own destiny that time. Yet he didn't learn that until years later. When he'd find one of his apprentices dead killed by the others hand. The hero had been defeated by the villain. And she did it all thanks to his teachings. He resists the urge to laugh his body would felt like perpetual suffocation if he stopped breathing for the slightest bit concentrating on his breathing had allowed him to let go of many years. The villain had reveal herself to Wilson. She was immortal an ever reincarnating being that destiny had condemned her to the life of a prey. She was to be hunted down by heroes in all of her lives it was her destiny to be hunted for eternity. She was mad. And so she condemned him too. Cursed him with immortality and buried him under a mountain in another world. Wilson has hated her for this. But he hated himself more for allowing her to learn from him and defeat what could have maybe been a hero. He hated himself for breaking his own destiny. Suddenly a noise interrupts Wilson's thoughts. Then a ray light comes into his small airspace and he breaths in the cleanest air he had in years. Soon enough he's free. An armored warrior stands with a sorceress by his side. "I understand you'll be my mentor?" The warrior says. Welcome to the Post! This is a PI Prompt Inspired(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/howtotagpromptswikipi.3Apromptinspired) post which means it's a response to a prompt here on /r/WritingPrompts or /r/promptoftheday.  Reminder:Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback provided in the comments.(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/piandcc) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Welcome to the Prompt! All toplevel comments must be a story or poem. Reply here for other comments.Reminders: Stories at least 100 words.  Poems 30 but include "Poem" Responses don't have to fulfill every detail See Reality Fiction(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22RealityFiction22restrictsronsortnewtall) and Simple Prompts(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/search?qflair3A22SimplePrompt22restrictsronsortnewtall) for stricter titles Be civil(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/ruleswikirule10.3Abecivil) in any feedback and follow the rules(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/rules)(iconhelp) (What Is This?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/offtopic) (iconinformation) (New Here?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/userguide) (iconhelp) (Writing Help?)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/indexwikiwritingresources) (iconexclamation) (Announcements)(https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/wiki/announcements) (iconcomments) (Discord Chatroom)(https://discord.gg/js5XDFB)I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit(/message/compose/?to/r/WritingPrompts) if you have any questions or concerns. Hey all. So this is my first story on here that is squarely just a revenge. I honestly think it's a bit more pro than petty but not really critical enough to go full nuclear so here I am! This story is one of how a lowly delivery driver got to royally irk a dispatcher waste his time get 4 hours of overtime meal paid for and a free beer. TL;DR below for your pleasure.So I was a driver for a little company that rhymes with Slamazon. I had been there for several months by this point and had developed a reputation of being very anal about vehicle maintenance. We aren't talking like washing them or whatnot but cleaning out urine bottles fixing broken wiper blades installing lights to replace the burnt out ones or other stuff that would indicate you actually remotely care for your driver's wellbeing. (Seriously guys I had a van once with no working lights of any kind and the passenger side door fell off its hinges right in front of my dispatchers and they still sent me out). Needless to say some trips were better than others but this particular time well it was a doozy.You see friends I was considered a problem driver by some for being obsessed with vehicles being kept road legal. I had not caused any issues other than this. We had dispatchers that were promoted up after a month and after hitting mailboxes cars and other kinds of insanity but I was always skipped over. This naturally irked me to no end and I was looking for better within 6 months of starting. (I was there for nearly 2 years)Naturally all my requests for the essential equipment and urine bottle removal was denied so I'd buy bulbs for my van and pull them out after my route was done so I could put them into the next one the next day and I chucked piss bottles out on the record. Kinda gross but better than smelling it in the hot Georgia sun in the middle of summer in a van with sometimes working AC.This nonsense continued for the entirety of my time there of course. This event however was the first of many times I decided to get back at the dispatchers for messing with my routes and giving me the worst vans and so on. You see this van had the lights that were bad. Broken AC. Shook like mad. Squeaked. Smelled like piss and musty taco farts. Door didn't properly lock so anybody could have stole packages from it and not much could be done. And to top this all off 4 bad tires. Like metal bands exposed and one bulging out in it's death throws. The whole day I babied this van as best I could. Putting air in the tire a few times and just barely finished my route with some daylight to spare. So 10 hours on the road down and an hour and a half back to the distribution center. I get underway and get about half way before I felt the tell tail shake of a tire going out. "Well shit here we go." I say to myself and scan my surroundings. I am on the interstate and not very far from an off ramp. So with what little tire I have left. I limp off the ramp and to a parking lot which is right next to an Applebees (perfect luck all things considered). I call dispatch and give my exact location and tell them what happened. The conversation goes as thus.MeChucketbucket007 hello again guys!Dipfuck Dipshit dispatcherThat's it.Me Hey I got a flat over here at (my location)Dipfuck What? How?Me Because you sent me out in a van that needed tires?Dipfuck Fine whatever everyone has gone home so you are gonna have to wait till I get there. Me Sure. That's fine. I'll stay clocked in then.Dipfuck Uhhuh. You finished your route so I don't see why you would be on the clock.Me Because I am still in command of this vehicle I have the keys and if you want me to give it back you are going to keep me on the clock. I had called the company HR and explained everything before I called dispatcher and they ensured me that my time would be recorded.Dipfuck ...FINE I have things to do tonight so we gotta hurry up.Perfect. Time to screw with this guy.After giving him extremely vague directions while I enjoy a steak meal and a large beer (on the clock and no fucks given anymore) he finally finds it. I go out there and see that he has brought the smallest saddest most not suitable for the task jack in the center. Me Well get to it you made me leave with this van and you can change the tire.Dipfuck NUHUH YOU WERE DRIVING IT AND..I interject. Me Drivers are not allowed but company policy to perform repairs to the van. (He had yelled at me previously for doing this with the bulbs) only dispatch management maintenance and the repair shop can repair the van.So I walk away to finish my meal while he tries to fix this flat with a jack barely able to lift the front of the vehicle and needed bricks and other items to even go high enough. In total I wasted 4 hours of his time cost him time to smoke up and he missed the game that he apparently had money on. I got my meal effectively for free with the hefty overtime I got that week.And as an extra smackdown corporate came in and fired the manager assistant manager and this particular dispatcher for failure to maintain the vehicles to DOT standards and for mismanaging the DSP (delivery service provider) after my lovely chat with HR during the incident. I showed them the text messages and some of the recorded audio I had taken of dispatcher being a general douchecanoe. A week later and we had a temp management comprised of corporate operations that would oversee the vans getting replaced with less shitty ones training new management and of course giving training on what to do if you have a vehicle fail like that and granting drivers some maintenance permissions.TL;DR Make me drive a van that is unfit for service? I will enjoy a hot meal overtime all while you have to fix the flat and you still get fired. :)Edit: on mobile so pardon the grammar and sentence structure.Edit 2: holy crap guys. I did not expect to have so many of you take the time to read this! Thank you so much!Edit 3: I have stories about my time at Blockbuster Walmart HP Auntie Anne's Slamazon an Italian Restaurant as a delivery driver and plenty others that I would be happy to share. Feel free to ask!Edit 4: TL;DR hopefully is a bit more accurate now! Also thanks for the silver whoever you are! May be a silly question but my ignorance is showing...What the heck is a urine bottle doing in a van? Donyou guys have to pee into it so you dont stop driving? I'd call this r/MaliciousComplianceGood story still. Ugh screw Amazon. Glad you came out on top. Urine bottles? WTF? So my Amazon package is gonna be handled by a guy who a couple of minutes ago was pissing into a bottle in the drivers seat of his van? If i understand the breakpoints correctly getting multiple people fired but not really going into it in your story is low yield nuclear. Im sorry you had to eat at an applebees but at least it was technically freeish? Oh yea!! Fantastic story. Always wondered what the delivery drivers did for the long routes everyday to deliver packages from flamazon. Hope this gets on to YouTube. Next time call the DOT. While they are inspecting your van casually mention how every van in the fleet is this way. They will be on that like stink on shit I feel like the Applebee's was the one by Marietta. Musty taco farts.Heh. I went down a google rabbit hole at urine bottles that shouldnt be a thing. For anyone working. Surprised you are able to have a beer on the clock as a delivery driver. dude.. good on you! I see you fuckers all the time on 85... and to think theyre running on shit equipment is a scary thought.. stoked to know you effectively got the asshats who thought shoddy vans and equipment were the way to keep costs down...fired!a good read from a damned yankee OMG after reading this I REALLY want to hear more of your stories! Especially Blockbuster and Walmart but also HP Auntie Anne's Slamazon and Italian restaurant all the stories please!BTW does this Italian restaurant happen to be a chain that rhymes with Blolive Darden? It has begun guys! My story is all over the reddit reader channels! hahahahahahahahahahahahaha Some are giving credit but it is actually awesome that they are reading.x200B;Unfortunately someone hacked my Nintendo Account last night and spent 200 bucks on Fortnite. What the hell is wrong with people? Is there really a rule that other people are supposed to pick up your urine bottles? That's disgusting and unnecessary. Like just clean up after yourself! urine bottlesPump the brakes. What? Ummmmm.... urine bottles? I'm sorry you had to eat at Applebee's. The dot would love get money from your company  if they knew they kept Van's in that bad shapeCorporate  stopped that thou You had my upvote until you begged for a YouTube reader. Nobody here likes those content stealing Dbags. Don't do that. Your story was good enough to stand on it's own without a dumb roboreader monetizing it for the channel owner. Thanks for your story! This is awesome.I work for an autoparts store called CarPlace and it's very similar in how people are treated! Rhymes with slamazon? And what is a slamazon? Dude good one! This is certainly pro so you were right to not put it in petty. Take my updoot. Wait you had to pay for food? You couldnt expense it back? Haha keen to hear more from your other employment :) Nicely done oh damn i worked at blockbuster. it was the worst especially in wealthier areas  Rhymes with SlamazonWait I know this one....  fuck I can put my finger on it tho:P Man I really missed BlockBusters. Sheesh. These horror stories from DSP 1.0 drivers make me very glad to have a great owner.Edit: crossposted on the amazonDSP drivers subreddit Thanks for the gold  cecilpenny(https://www.reddit.com/u/cecilpenny) ! Wasn't expecting that! Thank you so much! I worked for the same company different job but nothing you say surprises me in the least except that it seems you dealt with someone semicapable in HR on the first try. You had me at "urine bottle." Those guys supply all the comforts of home don't they? Me in this situation: sues company for the truck for employee endangering Why the truck because i hate seeing vehicles in this state of repair What could this company possibly be I have no idea did Monsieur Dipfuck ever try to get back at you for costing him his game and job? I hope you get promoted. I dont work anywhere near delivery but you sound like a great worker. I worked for a dsp for slamazon and everything was exactly like this except being in boston. They truly dont care about the wellbeing of their drivers and finding multiple piss bottles daily is fucking disgusting and was one of many reasons I left Does HP stand for Harry Potter? Unless you are delivering in New York the fact that you mention multiple piss bottle rolling around in your van and the fact that you are upset that other people aren't cleaning up your piss bottles is disgusting.I've been driving for 26 years. Both locally and over the road. And in 26 years I have only had 1 instance where I had to use a piss bottle. That was sitting in traffic on the Cross Bronx Expressway.The fact that you have many stories like this from many different job means that you should probably do some work on yourself. Or more and more interviewers are going to notice that you are a problem employee.Good luck to you. But if you are going to piss in bottles take them out of the truck and dispose of them yourself. Not trying to be a dick here at all but your TLDR is more fitting for a title than a TLDR because it is vague enough that the only way to know what you're actually saying is to read the post.  TLDR should be a clear summary of the basics of what happened it should make it so I don't have to read the body to know what happened.  If I repeat the TLDR to my friend he should be clear on what happened. Let's call my asshole boss Eugene since his stinginess reminds me of Eugene Krabs from SpongeBob Squarepants except Krabs is nowhere near malicious. In order to display the full satisfaction of this revenge I will have to describe a few (but not limited) things Eugene did that entitles him to being a complete jackass. For the context Eugene owns a small company that provides artistic services of some sort and never hired fulltimers (which I later learnt that it was due to his stinginess). Initially when I saw the open parttime position I thought it was ideal for me as I had external commitments and needed some sort of income. The job offers about 550USD per month (I dont live in the US this is a rough conversion) but only required me to clock in about 90 hours a month. It wasnt a very good offer but good enough for me as I considered myself to be inexperienced in field. Note that Eugene had seen my portfolio and knew my ability level before hiring me.The first couple of months was fine I worked the hours I was supposed to and got paid accordingly occasionally extending my shift at my own time due to the nature of the work but I didnt mind. I guess Eugene saw this as an advantage he could exploit later on during my employment. It is also important to note that Eugene would often ask about my wellbeing how did I spent my weekends etc. At this point in time it all seemed like courtesy talk so I didnt pay much attention to it. He would ask about my previous employment and my reason for leaving which I answered honestly that their work system was unsuitable for me. This will be important later. Eugene gradually began to grow more impatient towards me often blaming me for not being able to match up to his ability. Remember when I was inexperienced thus the payrate? Eugene had over a decade of experience in this expertise and he expected me to be at his level when I was only 3 months in. The stress was intense and I began working longer hours just to keep up and produce work at the best quality I could. I was under the belief that if I worked hard enough my effort will speak. Even though this was only a parttime position I overcommitted my time there and took pride in my work. My external commitments were barely scraping by. I was exhausted but thought I was doing a good job until Eugene spoke to me one day.Eugene pulled me into his office and lectured me on my work etiquette saying that I wasnt putting enough effort he was considering letting me go. At this point I was beyond confused. Did he really not see the effort I put in? Was I delusional in thinking that I was actually doing well and my work had been improving? I tried speaking up but he quickly diverted the topic telling me he knew the reason why my previous employer hated me. It was because I was lazy and uncommitted. To say I was in disbelief was an understatement. Not only did I believe I did my best with every task handled to me Eugene had registered my flaws during casual conversations and twisted my words to his advantage. I had no idea how to react and simply ask him what expected of me. He instantly replied that he would like me to double my hours working for him at the same monthly payrate. His reasons? Its my fault that I am not experienced enough to produce quality work thus it should be under my own responsibility and time to make up for it. My external commitments didnt matter he said as this job was my only source of income and should be kept as priority. It finally dawned to me that Eugene was a narcissistic sociopath who was only held conversations so that he could learn a persons weaknesses for his manipulation.Now if you read my title you will see that Eugene was not only a narcissist but also stingy af. Eugene is obsessed with maximising his profits. Any business owner would love that I agree but Eugene is down to every cent in immoral and even possibly illegal ways. He would sell a service to a client and upon receiving the deposit deliver something else. He was smart enough to keep his contracts vague (for both clients AND employees) so that nobody could not take legal actions against him. More than often his clients would be left to wits end as it would be too late and expensive to engage another vendor by the time they realised they had been scammed. Eugene would then demanded another set of payment to deliver what he had originally promised overcharging the client an average of 100 to 200 more that what was agreed. Eventually realising that theyd been played most people would be too exhausted to pursue further action and prayed for the project to be over so they didnt have to deal with his antics anymore. This inaction probably fed Eugenes ego that he could get away playing dirty every time. There are many more things I would like to rant about Eugene but this is prorevenge sub not recruitinghell so most of you would like to get to the good stuff soon.So in my country employers are required to pay a certain amount of tax for every local employee they hire. While it is not exactly tax it is obligated by law and negligence will result in a hefty fine and possibly jail time. These taxes are technically contributions for the employees retirement funds which is payable by every employer. Employer can deduct a certain percentage of the contributions from the employees wages. This law has its own complications since there are a certain group of people exempted from it such as students or interns. Now Eugene is the classic example of narcissist who thinks that he is smarter than everyone else. He felt that he was smart enough to evade the law by drafting a contract with vague details to protect himself and was deluded enough to believe that everyone would believe him as long as he sounded convincing. In other words he thought of people as sacks of potatoes with no opinion of their own. If anyone was to have a perspective it had to be his way or the wrong way. I stayed in Eugenes company for about 4 months before I felt too mentally overwhelmed. On the day that I left I called in to check on my Contribution account and just as I had expected Eugene hadnt paid a single cent over the past 4 months. The officer on the other end of the line asked if I would like to report this as a case guess my answer. A week later I received an update from the Contribution Board saying that Eugene had disputed my case claiming that I was only an intern and thus exempted from the law. This jerk was playing dirty as a last attempt to steal from me. As I had mentioned Eugene thought of himself as a smart man and probably felt that the officer would rule the case in his favor since he had worldclass convincing skills and his vague contract would have protected him either way. Fine Eugene. So you think you can get away just like any other time. You must have gotten pretty confident by now. Well not this time Eugene. I wrote a 2 pages long email to the Contribution Board Officer with every reason and evidence I can find on how am I not an intern like Eugene claimed. Knowing his antics I went the extra mile to research all the exempted group and wrote every possible reason on how am I NOT in the category. Excessive? Yes. Worth it? HELL YES. I didnt hear from the Officer for 2 weeks and when I finally did he informed me that Eugene had agreed to pay my contributions. Remember when I said employers are permitted to deduct a certain percentage from employees wages? Due to his negligence Eugene could no longer do that and had to pay the full amount on top of the fines that incurred along with it. If he had dutifully abide by the law it would had only costed him a third of what he had to pay. So thats a bit of asshole tax for you Eugene. Now that Ive gotten back what I was owed I have decided to move on but the story did not end there.A excolleague of mine NJ who is still working for Eugene told me that during the 2 weeks I didnt hear from the Officer Eugene was busy fighting for his stand by giving every reason that I an exempted individual. The officer having seen my email soon got tired of his nonsense and gave him a deadline to pay up or hell be brought to court. NJ said he had never seen Eugene so defeated before. To top it off it seemed like karma had finally caught up to him as he started losing more and more clients due to his unethical practices. The fine came to him when he had no clients that month so it was a very obvious dent in his bank account. Ultimately it was not a huge amount but knowing Eugenes stinginess and ego I think the damage was enough to qualify for this sub.Edit: MY FIRST AWARD!! Thank you so much for the silver!! Some people are just assholes and need to pay the tax. I never understand how a business can decide to try to be a legit business while also scamming people. Word will eventually get around and no one will do business with you. Jeez youre damn good. Congrats on not rolling over like those customers. Solid strategy on countering his bullshit: research. Youre a cool cat thanks for the read Oof that's terrible. I'm glad you got out of there. Happy cake day btw! r/assholetax would like this! I wonder how much longer he was in business Happppppppy cake day I imagined Eugene as the owner of a mime rental agency it made for a good read. Happy revenged cake day! hello fellow singaporean I bet there are health and safety issues that he could be fined for Word gets around that you're shitty and you WILL get what's due. No one will work with you eventually. Hope his business has to shut down due to his arrogance. Is this sg? Jeez youre damn good. Congrats on not rolling over like those customers. Solid strategy on countering his bullshit: research. Youre a cool cat thanks for the read Even Scrooge MacDuck knows he'd have to spend money to make money.  Eugene was just asking for trouble. Do you by any chance happen to live in Singapore because this tax thing seems oddly familiar I'm 90 sure this is in Singapore He was smart enough to keep his contracts vague (for both clients AND employees) so that nobody could not take legal actions against himOh that does NOT work.Contra Proferentum the legal principle that vague clauses in contracts must be read to the benefit of the one NOT writing the contract. It is a rule to ensude contracts are as clear as possible and courts have to intervene as infrequent as possible. If every vagueness in the contract results in harm to you then you sure as hell are going to ensure that no vagueness exists.He can BS to the customers all he wants that he fulfilled his contract because I did X it does not matter that you expected XY X is enough but as soon as that actually makes it to court he is SCREWED!Contra Proferentum is simmilar to devide and chose in ensuring honesty: Two people devide a cake. One gets to chose how to devide the cake in parts and the other choses which part of the division he gets. This means the person doing the deviding has the incentive to devide as fairly as possible since if he devides unfairly the other party will chose the largest part. r/assholetax material. Please crosspost there if it isn't there already. You are a beast in a positive compliment way. GG (Gamer language for: good game) You can be an asshole or a crook... Never be both. First Happy Cake  Day. Second good for you! Glad you only stayed 4 months; must have felt much longer! People like him shouldn't own businesses.I hope you at least mentioned that you weren't that guy's only employee. Hopefully he has to pay everyone's not just yours. What about all the other employees? Is he paying their contributions? Sounds like he could get hit with a substantial back tax bill and many more fines. Am Singaporean can confirm that most SME owners are like this I bet he sees himself as a victim instead of the perpetrator Eugene was not only a narc but also stingy afWhat do you mean by "narc"? "Narc" means someone in cahoots with drug enforcement or an agent in narcotics. Damn I was hoping his shitty business was going to fold. Some day. 550 a month? Thats hardly anything! Was your boss Eugene Melnyk? Happy cake day! This feels a lot like Brazil....  demanded another set of payment to deliver what he had originally promised overcharging the client an average of 100 to 200I think I know which old threeletter company he came from. did Eugene ever try to get back at you or anything? If I were you I wouldve thrown a molotov cocktail threw his window and burned that shitty little business down I dont think this qualifies as a revenge as you just got what was legally yours and went the official way of checking something is wrong and then investigation ensued Sounds like he deserved it but having been on both ends of this work relationship this smells a lot like there is another side to the story among the details given to illustrate why he is the bad guy. If you want to read on YouTube that's OK with me. You can call me kaldra or OP. as my user name is not easy. Sorry I am on mobile. Also I'm sorry but I need to be very vague about where this happened. The cast  Pastor Bob (not real name).    Contractor.    Me kaldra (or OP if you want)  .  . Setup  I have been a computer technician for more than 15 years. I have worked on all kinds of computers. Everything from tiny point of sale computers to large rack server computers. I had been attending a new to me church. I was trying to date a woman there this church was her idea. That relationship crashed and burned but that's a different story. Now we can startIt was about 5 years ago. I had just sat through a long sermon about generosity and giving to those that need help. At the end of the sermon pastor Bob asked for an additional donation because the church's roof needed repairs. And it would cost 20000 US dollars. that's right twenty thousand freedom dollars for a new roof. After the service I'm talking to my date. Pastor Bob walks over to me. I said hi and he introduced himself. We talked we talk a bit. Pastor Bob asked what I do for a living. I tell him I'm a computer tech with a shop. As I'm telling him I have a feeling he already knows what I do. Pastor Bob asks me to have a look at his laptop. It's being very slow So I agree. I turn the laptop on and I hear a clicking noise. This clues me in it's probably the hard drive. But I can still access the data. This is a good thing because it means I can probably recover the data. So I tell pastor Bob the hard drive is dying and it needs to be replaced. I also tell him I can probably recover the data. Pastor Bob asked how much it would cost to fix. I tell him for most people I would charge around 250. However I feel I can donate my time so I would just need 60 for a new hard drive. Pastor Bob agrees so I write up an invoice. New hard drive 60 labor 0 data recovery 0 and 2 to 4 days for repair. pastor Bob signed the invoice. Thus I take the laptop to my shop. I open the laptop. HP why do you use so many screws and clips. I get the hard drive out and connect it to my recovery rig. I set up the recovery to clone the data to a new hard drive. But not the new one for the laptop. A highend storage drive. I go home after locking up the shop. Next day Monday I open the shop and check the recovery rig. It's working but it will take at least 10 more hours. So I start work on the other tickets. Then at closing time I lock up and go home. Next day Tuesday I've had Pastor Bob's laptop for 2 days. I open the shop and check my recovery rig. Good news recovery completed 100 percent data recovered. Report says hard drive developed to many bad sectors. Now I have a choice to make. I could put a 1 TB hard drive 60 or a 120 GB SSD 60. or I could pay some money myself for a 240 GB SSD 100. I decide why not and put the 240 GB SSD in the laptop. I then clone all the data over from the new recovery storage drive to the new 240 GB SSD. An hour later the clone is done. So I check everything the laptop works great and is exactly like how it was before the first hard drive died. Even the logins still worked. Therefore I call pastor Bob and tell him his computer is done. He says that's great he will be here soon to get it. About 45 minutes later pastor Bob walks in. I show him his laptop working and much faster. He loves it and signs the pickup form. He then pays me with a check for 60. It's important he paid with a check. I do a bank run on Monday and Friday. So that Friday at the bank. I am informed that pastor Bob's check is void what? Why? Pastor Bob had placed a stop payment on the check. Consequently I called him and he ignored my call. I go to church on Sunday. Pastor Bob gives a sermon about not lying. I walk up to talk to him and he avoids me. So I leave and decide I'm going to write it off. I spent 100 and some time to do something nice. A few weeks later a customer walks in looking for a new computer. To welcome him I offer him a drink and go over his options. I'm chatting him up and he tells me he is a contractor he mostly does siding and roofing. He is thinking about offering solar. That's why he is getting a new computer. I ask how much does a new roof cost. He says up to about 10000. So I ask him why would someone say 20000. He had no idea. I thought it was strange. I asked about the church. Contractor said it would have been simple and around 5000. And he could probably do it for less. Contractor buys a nice new laptop. Sorry the setup took so long the revenge starts nowSomething about what the contractor said bugs me later. Why would pastor Bob lie and say 20000 for a new roof. And why would he stiff me for 60. I then remember I never cleared the recovery rig storage drive. I check and there it is pastor Bob's laptop data. I look around it's slow and I'm all caught up on repair tickets. Fittingly I look around a bit. He had all of his logins stored in a folder on the desktop. Including his online dating logins. And online poker. Did I ever mention pastor Bob is married? I start printing his online dating messages. I look back and find pastor Bob had been adult hugging. several women from his online dating.  he had been paying for his dates from the church's donation fund. I am getting angry now. Then I realize he had adult hugged the woman I was dating when I was dating her. It was then I decided to break pastor Bob. I printed out all his dating messages and the women he adult hugged. for the last 6 months except I refused to print the naughty pictures. It was an impressive packet. I then decide I need copies of the packet. Therefore I order 100 packets printed from a major online printer. A few days later my order of revenge packets arrived. These revenge packets are amazing double sided. Staple bound with a cover with pastor Bob's face on it. Now the conclusion and I think it's worth it. . This church had a calendar of what the sermon might be about a perfect Sunday was approaching. I go to church that perfect Sunday. I show up a bit late. Everyone is in the church so I put a revenge packet on each car. I have a few revenge packets that are in yellow envelopes. Fittingly I put them in the mail. I sent one to all the high ups in the church. and I sent a special packet with some of pastor Bob's naughty pics to pastor Bob's wife. I set the return address to the church. I also emailed a bunch of people the revenge packet from a burner email. A couple weeks after I went back to that church. Pastor Bob was gone so was the wife.  several of the women were also gone including the one I was dating. I asked one of the important people there. What happened? The answer was amazing. I was told about the revenge packet and how everyone had gotten one. The day my revenge packet appeared. The sermon pastor Bob had given was about the evils of adultery and cheating on your wife. Thank you church calendar.The fallout Pastor Bob was fired and shunned. Multiple women from the church have not returned including the one I was dating. Pastor Bob's wife is divorcing him. And she is the one that owned the house and cars. No longer pastor Bob is now being sued by several people including the one that fixed the roof. He never paid any of them. There were also rumors of a criminal case for embezzlement. No one has seen Bob in a while now. The church might close if they can't find a new pastor. But the church's money is very low. Apparently he also spent over 30000 on online gambling.TLDR Pastor lies steals and cheats on his wife with multiple women. Gets found out and doxed. Gets fired divorced and arrested. And no one knows I did this to him. Notes because you might ask.It's quite possible that several of the very young children and babies at the church were his. But I cannot confirm this.I have no idea where Bob is now. I would think still in jail.EditThank you so much for the awards it's amazing. Is it sad that I'm relieved it wasn't CP that OP found? Adult hugging is a fantastic euphemism. OP believes in God... OP is righteous... OP is relentless... OP smites evildoers...OP IS A PALADIN!      Edit: wrote one "is" too much Best spent 100!   Great job OP! I feel sorry for the church they deserve much more. Pastor Bob sounds like one of those born agains who thinks he will be forgiven his sins because he accepts Christ as his savior. Another story about Satan tempting a man and winning a soul. You are good and not to be messed with a real life Mr Robot. sharp intake of breath Yikes. This sounds like one of those stories custom made for Reddit.  Ive never seen a church that didnt have multiple sets of eyes on the finances. Pro revenge aside what are the legal ramifications of taking a customers data and giving it out without permission? I'm all for what you did but you also don't want to give Pastor Bob a means by which he can come back to you with a lawsuit that you can't win. Isnt that funny. Every business deal I have ever been screwed over on was someone who said at some point..."its ok Im a christian." Awesome revenge!! And all I can say is thank you for not being one of those people that would charge the customer for an upgrade they didn't ask for that was probably the best part of the story lol It's very strange how often church roofs need replacing. And always around 20000.  My roof is 15 years old and good for another 10 years. The roof of Husband's church has been replaced 3 times in the last 30 years. And of course like the good sucker Christian that he is he always opens his wallet to help. The sermon pastor Bob had given was about the evils of adultery and cheating on your wife. Thank you church calendar.I scream/laughed at this part totally cherry on top. That timing was perfect. The spelling  punctuation and formatting drove my aspergers into a headache. So glad you could expose this fraud. Still pastors are human why anyone gives then money and power over their lives I will never know. Power corrupts. Church's need transparency open finances and governance by the congregation. "hey i need my computer fixed with all this data on it im gunna screw him over for 60 this is a good idea." For the sake of this piece of shit I hope there really is a god because this kind of shit will secure his place in hell. Fuck that guy. Good story overall. Did the church not have an accountant or someone besides the pastor review its finances? standing ovation claps enthusiastically Bravo!! This is some Persona 5 shit calling card and everything. Christ is pastor bob my dad by chance? I work an IT as well on the side and just for the reason had I don't do check and I have a legal thing I got written up by a lawyer family friend that basically says your device will not be returned until the services are paid in full and half on sign so they can't back out I've been screwed over to many times man. I'm paranoid as shit on it now This belongs in r/nuclearrevenge This is why you dont fuck with the IT guy I'm amazed by how christian women will screw the pastor if given the opportunity. At least you didn't find any child porn... Another charlatan preacher. What a surprise! What do you mean we can read this on YouTube?? Great story of revenge! Perfectly executed too. This is what I come here for. Thank you! GOOD!Every pastor who cheats his church should have something like this happen.You may not recognize it but I think you were doing God's work in bringing this to light.You're like the prophet Nathan who brought King David's soon to public knowlegde. Well done! I didn't know pastors could get married in Christianity. What country are you from? As a Reddit subscriber I subscribe to a number of adult subreddits. So it took me a minute to figure out what adult hugging was all about. At first I thought it was some sort of fetish.  Then I figured out the euphemism. I felt better afterwards.  Roofs are expensive to redo my houses roof after getting multiple quotes was 12k. I'd be thrilled for a 5k roof. Dear God he was an idiot to stiff the guy who worked on his computer.x200B; I ask how much does a new roof cost. He says up to about 10000.That is for an asphalt shingle roof (or as my sister says "the cheap ass roof").She bought a Victorian that was in desperate need of care in 2009.  The house should have cost around 400000 but she and my brotherinlaw paid 126000.  They needed to replace the slate roof.  The estimates were up around 45000 due to the damage.  The roofer they went with knocked 10000 off because he would now be able to claim "historical restoration" as a part of his business.  Here's why it cost so much:1. slate shingles aren't cheap but that still wasn't what drove the price up2. EVERYTHING had to be replaced.  The subroof (plywood that the shingles attach to) and the copper flashing.3. The roof had been leaking since around 1970The way the owners "fixed" the leaky roof was by installing drop ceilings in all of the rooms.  If water wasn't dripping on them then it wasn't a problem. That wasn't very H O L Y W A T E R of you Never stiff the IT guy! I love the phrase "adult hugged." You just gain my respect man In ten years he will be a pastor again.  Because God forgave him.  See: Jim Baker.  Peter Popoff.  Ted Haggard. Most churches work off a committee.  Are you telling me he was the sole member of the committee and he was the only one writing checks and approving vendors? What kind of a pastor is that. Like no that's not how you play the game Bob Wow! Never piss off the IT folks! Well done revenge! Is adult hugging non penetrative missionary? Wow nicely done. The guy was thoroughly toasted. People like that should be exposed. No one is perfect but he intentionally set out to do multiple unethical things. Im glad you did this! Best post Ive read all day.  You restore my faith in humanity OP. That dude got adult hugged in the ass Very worth it! Good for you Karma ;) Totally worth 100 bucks to bring down a religious hypocrite. Oooh man nothing gives me a justice boner as much as when the religious hypocrites get theirs. Sow the wind reap the whirlwind! One red flag I've noticed in business is when someone tells you in the first few minutes that they are religious. It's often used as a personal cover for terrible behavior. Pastor Bob was the greatest example  as 'what not to do' to his congregation Who is this pastor eddie Guerrero or something r.i.p. Eddie  Adult hugging 10 for the term Sounds made up This could be an exact replica of what happened at my old church! Except it was a little longer than 5 years ago. That pastor was a very bad and horrible man Holy shit you fucked this mans life up! He deserved it though This is why Im an atheist after growing up in the church.The proliferation of the Ill sin and do whatever and then pray and god will forgive me at the end of the day and Im better than you because of it types. I saw a preacher man in cuffs he'd taken money from the churchHe'd stuffed his bank account with righteous dollar billsBut even still I can't say much because I know we're all the sameOh yes we all seek out to satisfy those thrillsBut Fuck Pastor Bob. Was Pastor Bob a hottie or what? Seems par for the course among the evangelical crowd. I remember when my company used to have me run our booth at trade shows that if a new customer told me that they were a Christian I would instantly make a note to never offer them terms unless they proved they were reliable. It wasn't that they were Christians it was that so many would unprompted make a point of mentioning it. Its insane to me how a Pastor can be so doubleminded. Preaching about adultery and false witness when hes doing it himself. How does the guilt not build up? He would have kept going if OP did nothing. Judging by the title I can only guess he was shot on live tv It was an impressive packet.    Well. Al least Bob has that going for him. Is this one of those pay it forward situations? What a story! Its unfortunate the pastor used his position to manipulate others than looking after his congregation. Was the person you were seeing sleeping with the pastor? 250 just to replace the hard drive and copy the data?? 100 for a 240gb SSD? How?? Is adult hugging when it's longer than 10 seconds? Lesson learned: Don't be a Bob. Bob. Don't be a sponge. Just Don't Didn't read yet but I saw lies cheats and steals and immediately thought of Eddie Guerrero. If you know you know. Jesus he knows me  Genesis A womanAnd don't be sorry about you being on a mobile. Why would you be sorry even  Man what is it with the clergy. Theyre higher up the perversion scale than the police. Im sorry but what do you mean by adult hugged? I mostly fixed the spelling and grammar Good story but you need to work on the spelling. Lots of mistakes and doubles of words What is adult hugging?And good god this storys flow took a nose dive fast Heh. No good deed goes unpunished  its just that this time said punishment fell on the actual guilty party!Sorry to hear you're out the 60 plus change for the drive and paperwork but at least you got entertainment value out of it? Deal with sin get retribution Proof that if you're an asshole eventually you asshole yourself right out of existenceAll Pastor Bob had to do was pay the 60. But no... Just from reading the title was your pastor Eddie Guerrero? I never understood why so many people have sexual affairs. It just seems so wrong. The day my revenge packet appeared. The sermon pastor Bob had given was about the evils of adultery and cheating on your wife. Thank you church calendar.The irony planned in this is what puts it above regular revenge into pro territory. Your story got read by rSlash on YouTube Epic revenge. Eye for a fucking upper torso bitches I had a POS pastor too. Ended up losing everything including his MEGA CHURCH in Orlando. These stories make me feel good. This story was on RSLASH on YouTube. Comeuppance for false men of Faith gets an upvote from me every time. Good on you for bringing this charlatan's scam to an end. That was entirely unethical and would land you in deep shit (technically digital breaking and entering  gpdr would crucify you)That said bravo fuckin nice work.Professional ethics be damned Bob is a dick. Glad you caught him!! Youre my fcking hero. Nothing is worse that a hypocrite. There's nothing worse than when people take advantage of your generosity I also work in IT and I always try to make things as cheap as I can for people because computers are expensive but that has come back to bite me on a couple of occasions It's always the preachers who preach about this sin that are most guilty of it. Glad this creep got shut down. That pastor needs some Jesus gawdamnnnn Long but satisfying at the end so that it's worth reading all.Good job "I would hope still in jail." TIFTFY Let that be a lesson folks...don't take advantage of someones trust. Being a genuine and honest person isn't always easy and probably won't ever make you rich but this won't ever happen to you! Reading this was cancerous Very worth it The lord works in mysterious ways. (see Elmer Gantry by Sinclair Lewis.) Was this in Texas? looks like he aint going to church any time soon You are a hero! I'm glad the name isn't real. My wife and I were married by Pastor Bob. Man I feel for the poor church. Have they found a new pastor or have they shut down? Wtf is an adult hugFound the answer in the comments lol God shall punish him omg This is some good revenge. be honest you were the person that outted that pastor that had him speaking "tongues" to the woman in that video arent you? pastor david wilson? lol Being in the same field I'm a bit torn over the ethics of this. But I guess since he didn't pay you he kind of left himself open to this. I dont see why people keep fucking up with IT... you dont fuck with IT What happened to the woman you dated that cheated on you? If pastor Bob was in Ohio then i knew him What happened to the GF? I'm kind of wondering about the ethics of digging around in his hard drive. Obviously he deserved it and in the end what he did warranted investigation. I definitely would have done the same thing. Still it's kind of weird that you didn't mention that it is if not explicitly stated implied that a computer repair person is not supposed to keep a copy of your files and login info and then dig through it later to look for dirt on you.If it weren't for the embezzlement thing and all you found were legal but frowned upon activities like his dating profile he definitely could have sued you for that. Thanks for the story though! Great revenge. Whatever happened to Pastor Bob lol Never EVER stiff the person who has your data!  Rookie mistake.  So that's you holding him to account AND the Almighty will have a crack at him later on.   x200B;Either that or the Almighty used you to do his bidding and I'm OK with that too! Dude! Your like the modernday Martin Luther!If only youd nailed the evidence to the front door of the church  Good for you I love a good take down story of a selfrightess scumbag. "Adult hugged"  I will be using this from now. Coitus was getting old and was very limited Friend. I am not of your faith but you truly are a rightous man. More power to you and truly be an inspiration for what is right. r/nuclearrevenge  ?I say yes! Wow what a read congratulations!! Can I pay you to get back at every single person who's crossed me? No check...cash payment. You ruined a sack of sts life. That's payment enough right? I'd pay 100 dollars for that. I can't even take the title of this story serious enough to read the post.Was your pastor Eddie Guerrero? was this pastor the reanimated corpse of Eddy Guerrero? Its been 2 years and I can finally post about this. this is juicy so get ready.Background information: we live in an old and big manor that has been split into 3 attached houses. The houses are about 150 years old and where built around 5 huge giant sequoias which were about 200 years old. In the UK giant sequoias are very rare and the 2 in our garden up the house price by about 60000. We lived next to 2 really nice neighbors one young couple and one old couple.The story: unfortunately our old neighbors passed away so their child and her family moved in (lets call her Joe). Joe was instantly a pain in the ass we had been sharing chickens with the previous neighbors and Joe agreed to keep sharing them however on her nights she would constantly forget to put them away so we would have to check them every night anyway. One night her little brats thought it would be funny to open our personal duck pen in the night which leads to a mass slaughter later the chickens went the same way.About 2 years ago there was a storm and one of her sequoias somehow fell over and died they were distraught (understandably) but from then on the jealousy started. She would constantly complain about how lucky we were to have 2 sequoias in our garden and how our sequoia was making too much shade in their garden (it wasnt) anyway we just thought it was Joe being a pain there were a few dry threats like they will chop it down or maybe the next storm will blow it down.Until we came back from a holiday to France to find a huge 6meter stump and nothing else! I mean how the fuck do you get rid of a 100ft tree in like 2 weeks. 2 of our old British oak trees had been crushed as well. My mum and sisters where crying my dad were red in the face and we had no evidence Joe had done it. She claimed that there had been a storm and she had to get rid of it. we had a security camera at the front of the house but you can get in the back if you go through a few fields.We then were given an 8000 bill for damages to her property and to have the tree chopped up and removed the wood alone would have been worth a small fortune.We had lost all hope and 2 weeks had passed when my dad came running in from the garden. We had put up a wildlife camera a few months ago and had caught everything we got a lawyer on the phone and started our revenge. We got a tree surgeon out who said it was an original specimen brought into the UK in 1860 along with the 2 that were in Elvaston castle country park there were 218 around the UK but only 60 now he also told us to call out an engineer because the roots might be in the foundation so when they rot it could damage the house turns out we would need to redo the foundations.Then we took Joe to court and sued them for damage to property trespassing and lots of other smaller claims. The tree would cost 250K to have another sequoia that was 200 years put in and looked after (it's basically impossible) plus the damage to the foundation which was 200K and the 2 oaks which were another 25k. so with the smaller claims It went to about 500000 (700000).They had to move out.And we have now paid off the mortgage done a lovely loft and kitchen conversion and have basically done up the house and garden as well as plant a 60yearold sequoia tree in the back garden. We also had our kitchen counter and table made from the old sequoia. We now have a new lovely family living next to us who we share chickens ducks and pygmy goats with (there very nice and I make a fortune babysitting their kids)Sorry for the essayTLDR:New neighbors chop down original sequoia specimen that 200 year old and is of the same tree as all to ones in every signal place of note in the UK. Ends up costing them 500000 (700000)I'm working on the SPaG but I'm dyslexic please tell me where the errors are.Edit: many of you wanted to hear about the court case but she didn't stand a chance and as soon as we revealed the footage to her and her lawyer she gave up.the people who cut the tree down gave us the countertops for free as a sorry (they were truly sorry)the neighbors had a second home so they just sold the house and moved back to their smaller one.we feel bad for the old neighbors but we do visit their graves because they were like family.I cant show the footage of the wildlife cam sorry:( but I can show footage we got of hedgehogs) link (didn't know where to put it so I put it on r/aww) https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/fsmbed/hedgehogcaughtbyourwildlifecameraalsopart/Also there was a storm but the sequoia was unharmed that's what the video showed.thank you so much for the silverHoly shit a gold thanksWtf another one thanks so muchbruh a fucking plat thank you so muchAnd another oh my god u guys are amazingAnd a gold you guys are great at this rate I wont need to pay for reddit premium thanks.And a 'GOAT' award thanks. Also what does it mean? Hot damn. Imagine being in debt for the rest of their lives because of jealousy.I assume they had to sell their house to pay it off? The entitlement of EM is terrifying. And the cheek to stick you with a bill! Jesus christ lucky you had a wildlife camera.Presumably you could have found the tree surgeon they hired to do it and worked backwards from there as I don't think regular dickheads could fell and remove 100 tons of sequoia in 2 weeks. This was such a satisfying conclusion. What kind of monster trespasses on someones property and cuts down a 250 year old tree for no other reason that jealousy? Im glad they had to pay you and I hope theyre in debt for the rest of their lives for such a ridiculously petty act. Excellent revenge!!Genuine question  would you like help with the spelling errors? Redux:Background information: we live in an old and big manor that has been split into three attached houses. The houses are about 150 years old and were built around 5 huge giant sequoias which were about 250 years old. In the UK giant sequoias are very rare and the two in our garden up the house price by about 60000. We lived next to two really nice neighbors one young couple and one old couple.The story: unfortunately our old neighbors passed away so their child and her family moved in (lets call her EM). EM was instantly a pain in the ass. We had been sharing chickens with the previous neighbors and EM agreed to keep sharing them. However on her nights she would constantly forget to put them away so we would have to check them every night anyway. One night her little brats thought it would be funny to open our personal duck pen in the night which led to a mass slaughter. Later the chickens went the same way. About two years ago there was a storm and one of her sequoias somehow fell over and died.They were distraught (understandably) but from then on the jealousy started. She would constantly complain about how lucky we were to have two sequoias in our garden and how our sequoia was making too much shade in their garden (it wasnt). Anyway we just thought it was EM being a pain there were a few dry frets like they will chop it down or maybe the next storm will blow it down but we didn't put much stock into them. That is until we came back from a holiday to France to find a huge 6meter stump and nothing else!I mean how the fuck do you get rid of a 100ft tree in like two weeks? Two of our old British oak trees hade been crushed as well. My mum and sisters were crying my dad was red in the face and we had no evidence EM had done it. She claimed that there had been a storm and she had to get rid of it. We had a security camera at the front of the house but you can get in the back if you go through a few fields. We then were given an 8000 bill for damages to her property (to have the tree chopped up and removed the wood alone would have been worth a small fortune).We had lost all hope but after two weeks had passed my dad came running in from the garden to tell us that a wildlife camera we had set up a few months ago and had caught everything.We got a lawyer on the phone and started our revenge. We got a tree surgeon out who said it was an original specimen brought into the UK in 1860. Along with the two that were in Elvaston castle country park there were originally 218 around the UK but now there were only 60 left. He told us to call out an engineer because the roots might be in the foundation and when they rot it could damage the house which would mean we would need to redo the foundations. We then took EM to court and sued them for damage to property trespassing and emotional damage. It would have cost 250K to have another sequoia that was 250 years put in and looked after (it's basically impossible) plus the damage to the foundation which was 200K and the two oaks which were another 25k. So with the emotional damage It went to about 500000 (700000). They had to move out. And we have now paid off the mortgage done a lovely loft and kitchen conversion and have basically done up the house and garden as well as plant a 60yearold sequoia tree in the back garden. We also had our kitchen counter and table made out of the old sequoia. We now have a new lovely family living next to us who we share chickens ducks and pygmy goats with (they're very nice and I make a fortune babysitting their kids)Sorry for the essayTLDR:New neighbors chop down original sequoia specimen that was 250 years old and is of the same tree as all the ones in every single place of note in the UK. Ends up costing them 500000 (700000)Edit: thanks for the gold! Nice. I hope that judgement against her really stumped her plans for retirement any time soon. !Im sorry! Well done to your dad for remembering the wildlife cam! I'm heartbroken at the image of the tree stump though such beautiful trees are so rare in the UK (hence the massive bill I suppose). I don't understand how something can stand for 250 years just to be chopped down in a pathetic tantrum. i recommend r/treelaw There is something that does not add up for. I don't want to say this story is made up. How did Joe manage to cut your tree? Did she just called a company? Didn't the company ask or wonder why they don't work in her property? Couldn't you get more information from the companies bill?Was there a storm or not while you were in France? What about your other neighbors? Glad to hear it worked out!  What exactly did you catch on tape if I may ask? Maybe Im not understanding how the properties are laid out and how its divided among the neighbors in this situation. But how in the fuck did a (assumingely) professional tree cutting company just chop down an obviously historic and valuable tree without checking if it belongs to the contracting customer or not... Tree law is an easy karma farm. I want to see pictures of the trees when they stood or the stumps at least. TF did he forget about the wildlife camera for two weeks? And couldn't you have just asked the tree service who paid them to have the trees cut down? Tree has been minding it business for generations. All for some twat to be stupid and kill it.... like wtf If I have learned anything from reddit it's Do Not Chop Down Someone Elses Tree!!! Sooo many stories of how expensive it can be jeez Thought not fought Fucking fantastic. Pricks got exactly what they deserved. Thanks for sharing! Did EK try fight it in court?  What was her reaction when she found out about the video or lost the case? SO where did the wood go to?I thought you had an 8k invoice that included disposal as part of it but then you had a counter top made of the tree? Or was that from the stump? Are there no laws in the UK protecting old growth trees? Seems like the company who took it down is also negligent in the matter. Did you mean to put "fought" every time you should have put "thought"?EDIT: Just saw your note at the bottom. You did well but there are quite a few errors. It's all understandable though. Nice story but please please paragraphs and spellcheck I frikkin love a good tree law revenge story. Tree Law!!! shearing chickensAbout that... What really disturbs me is the slaughter of the chickens and ducks.I have chickens and a dog once got inside our property and it was absolutely awful. Do you have any pictures of the old tree? I've read in the legal advice forumsDo not cut down someone else's trees without their explicit say so.  The cost can be fucking insane depending on the species.  These were obviously very rare but even oaks etc can cost thousands as you must replace it  ot only for species wise but for age as op mentioned and of course age is easy enough worked out I don't get what EK was thinking even if her plan had worked she still had to prepay thousands to get rid of this huge ass tree. Even if the 8000 dollar bill was fraudulent paying the tree removers must have been expensive ? Except if the wood was sold for even more I guess. Carol fucking baskin I like that you made the old tree into something to keep. Also is it bad I had no issues reading this just like reading someone from the south speak You may want to crosspost this to r/treelaw I'm just sad the tree had to die for someone's stupidity. Post baby goats plz. Jesus Christ this was hard to read every third word is not what it is supposed to be. If they hauled away the old tree how did you make a table out of it? SWEEET JUSTICE!"Threats" rather than "frets"If you have to poke your tongue out to say it its usually a 'th' Fuck me I thought my dyslexia was bad. Keep on telling stories OP! Maybe write them out and get someone to do a redux afterwards. Loved your story! As a native Californian this made my blood boil! Sequoia trees are our pride and joy! Screw those guys for harming that beautiful tree! Could you provide a city or county name as to where this happened? You give us a time 2018 and a name of your Country(UK). So Im assuming that this would be on the Internet somewhere. If theres one thing Ive learnt from reddit its you dont mess with neighbours trees. That is juicy.  Why on earth would you cut such a magnificent tree is beyond me especially if you're lucky to have a view on it from your property. We had lost all hope and 2 weeks had passed when my dad came running in from the garden.  It took you guys 2weeks to check the trail cam... Why'd they do it? Just jealousy? I don't get it.  My neighbor has a tree that just on her side of the property.  She asked if I liked the tree and I said I did.  She was asking because she was thinking of cutting it down (I like the shade it provides).  5 years later it's still standing.Conversely we had 2 trees that were just on my other neighbor's property.  I asked that neighbor if I could trim some huge branches back as the tree was leaning over on that side.  They said no problem.Point is it's not that hard to get along with people...even if you only talk to them a few times a year. Wow the tree gods really stood behind you on this one. Everyone got what they deserved thank you so much for treating the death of this tree as though it were a person. Applause. Man what a loss. The natural groves in California have trees that are hundreds to thousands of years old and are 80m tall. The original ones planted in the UK are 150 years old and they're still babies for the species. They're essentially irreplaceable in a human lifetime. As a former Tree Surgeon (I was called an Urban Forestry Technician but your title sounds way cooler) You can suprisingly get rid of a 100ft tree in like an hour or two a Sequoia might take 67 hours.I am sorry to hear what happened I've been involved in slightly smaller situation between neighbors usually it's about splitting the cost of a tree or murky property boundaries due to no fences. But what happened to you is almost psychotic glad you managed to get proper justice. Towards the befinning you say that you sheared chickens with your neighbor. A few times. You probably meant shared :) Awesome story. Still really confused to how the fuck they got the tree down in two weeks. You never explained how they freaking pulled that off You had me at tree law. Would be nice to see a picture of the tree that you lost in memoriam. Tree law! I don't see anyone responding to say what GOAT means so I will it's an acronym meaning Greatest Of All Time I mean please show the hedgehog footage. Hedgehogs are so cute! GOAT  Greatest Of All Timeor possibly a play because you mentioned goats in your post :) Please post a pic of your the furniture you made out of the old tree. Would love to see it! Can we see the hedgehog video ? When I get the slightest whiff of tree law.(https://i.imgur.com/HTeW40n.gif) what were those treecutters thinking? They HAVE to make sure that they person paying them has OWNERSHIP of the property. Great story well done!!Otherwise just here for the hedgehog footage. It's a good story but my was it difficult to follow. I'm glad they got their just desserts. Very nasty hateful people. A beautiful revenge... You could call it petty but it's nowhere NEAR as petty as destroying your neighbour's lovely tree out of pure spite. A neighbour cut down a tree on my parents property and it ended up costing them a lot of money I'm curious why the folks cutting down the tree didn't verify ownership of the property. Certainly they would have required some kind of contract with the neighbor and realized his address didn't match yours (assuming of course he didn't just hire some knobs for cash from the local pub to do it which seems unlikely). Also wouldn't cutting down protected trees like this have required some sort of permit from the government and certainly that would have been lacking and highly suspicious to a reputable arborist.   This all seems very satisfying yet has gaping holes. Gods I love Tree Law... Tree law is op Justice porn!! Love itLets pray for Joes new neighbors :/ Hope they learned their lesson or are too broke to repeat it Damn giant sequoias are extremely protected here in the US I have no doubt the price would have tripled for a 200 year old tree. That is super shady on there part but what is downright revolting is how they wanted you to pay damages to their house. Don't you love it when this happens to people this is the means of prorevenge. But you should also put it into r/treelaw I really want to see the Trees before the storm or before she cut them down. Got a picture? I really can't imagine a "giant" sequioa next to a house without problems. I hate that woman. Glad you got paid fairly Talk about having to eat Crow!  Stellar story.  How did it go in court?  What was on the trail cam?  You left off the juicy bits!!! What did the wildlife camera show? this is delicious Great story! Extremely lucky that you had a wildlife camera I don't know what you could have done otherwise.And can we see footage of the hedgehogs? Please? Excellent story however it was a wall of text. Try paragraphs and checking your spelling for an easier read. Imagine been jealous to the point where you have to destroy someone's property utterly sickening. I'm glad that justice was served. Also great story OP. People don't realize how important their trees are to them until they're gone. A few yeard ago my friend's mom used to have two beautiful evergreen trees and she loved them as they were large healthy and beautiful. They were located towards the back of her property putting them close to an alley. One day she came home from work only to find that some tree workers were cutting the tops off from they alley. She started crying because they were her treee on her property. I don't remember what happenee next though because i was really little but i remember asking my friend why her mom was so sad. She was absolutely devastated. And as for me my family had two medium sized trees in our yard. They were perfect for climbing and they were shaped perfectly for us all to sit in together. We even took a picture of us in the tree and still have it to this day. One day we went on vacation for two weeks and when we came back we found out that the town had cut them down. It was a sad day. I particularly love that you were able to use the wood for your table and counters. Well done and glad you have lovely neighbors again. I've personally always wanted trees like that and know that I'll never be able to afford them.Even though you got so much from then it still sounds like not enough!! I'm surprised the company that chopped the tree down wasn't held accountable.  Did the neighbor somehow convince them that it was her tree?  Or I guess because it's a shared homestead they considered she had the authority to ask for the tree to be removed? It seems a shame that EK's parents were nice people but raised such a terrible daughter. From the story it would seem that EK's children are going to be like her (causing the ducks and chickens to die on purpose). Why is it that nice people can have children who grow up to be awful ?  It's not like she had bad role models. Maybe she was just spoiled to the point where she thought she could do what she wanted without repercussion. The consequences of her foolish actions will probably haunt her for the rest of her life. Having two properties would have enabled her to have a steady income from renting the house she wasn't living in instead she has a massive debt to pay. There are almost no amount of words to describe how stupid she must be. Holy Shit I run passed those trees in Elvaston Castle everyday. They look amazing. You are lucky to have had some in your garden!!Great news on the award  One of the few incredibly satisfyingly juicy stories that are very likely true. This is good. Juicy like you said. Just fix up the grammar a little. You definitely gave that POS what for. Cool story but mate you need to go back to school and learn how to write. Fantastic! What a great read  Awesome! Great story! Thanks for sharing From browsing best of legal advice a fair bit gotta love a good Tree Law post.Tree law is damned right scary. Wow great job What a great satisfying revenge. Now we only need to see those chickens and goats Great revenge but wick question how do you shear a chicken? Hey mate I'm dyslexic too. Grammarly might help you out it's a website that checks grammar etc and should hopefully tell you where things don't make sense What's an EK Dont worry about your errors in the post. It was good! Love to see it absolutely amazing. A bit of karma for them to have to move out Great story and willing to ask for help with spelling. Take your silver good human! I love r/treelaw stories Since you asked where the mistakes are fought  thought frets  threats there very nice  theyre very nice That was such an amazing story! I'm sorry for your ducks though. Is there anyway you could link an image if your new Seqoia tree? This whole post and comments are making me think of this post(https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/3lg2g9/scottishmancantsaypurpleburglaralarm/) You keep saying "fought" when you mean "thought". Not sure why but you mentioned being dyslexic so there you go. HAPPY CAKE DAY :D! Also you could put this on r/treelaw(https://www.reddit.com/r/treelaw) its the perfect subreddit for this story too. Tree laws are always juicy Tree law. Tree law. Tree Law. Tree Law. TREE LAW. TREE LAW. TREE LAW! TREE LAW! Fought  thought:) It's been 2 years and I can finally post about this; this is juicy so get ready!Background information: we live in an old and big manor that has been split into 3 attached houses. The houses are about 150 years old and were built around 5 giant sequoias which are about 200 years old. In the UK giant sequoias are very rare and the 2 in our garden increase the house value by about 60000. We lived next to 2 really nice neighbors one young couple and one old couple.The story: unfortunately our old neighbors passed away so their child and her family moved in (lets call her Joe). Joe was instantly a pain in the ass.  We had been sharing chickens with the previous neighbors and Joe agreed to keep sharing them however on her nights she would forget to put them away so we would have to check them anyway. One night her little brats thought it would be funny to open our personal duck pen in the night which lead to a mass slaughter; later the chickens went the same way.About 2 years ago there was a storm and one of her sequoias fell over and died. They were distraught understandably but from then on the jealousy started. She would constantly complain about how lucky we were to have 2 sequoias in our garden and how our sequoia was making too much shade in their garden (it wasnt). Anyway we just thought it was Joe being a pain there were a few dry threats like they will chop it down or maybe the next storm will blow it down.The sequoia lived until we came back from a holiday in France to find a huge 6meter stump and nothing else! I mean how the fuck do you get rid of a 100ft tree in like 2 weeks? Also 2 of our old British oak trees had been crushed. My mum and sisters were crying my dad was red in the face and worst of all we had no evidence Joe had done it. She claimed that there had been a storm and she had to get rid of it. We had a security camera at the front of the house but you can get in the back if you go through a few fields.  Therefore we had no definitive proof that Joe had done it.  Adding insult in injury we were given an 8000 bill for damages to her property and to have the tree chopped up and removed. The wood alone would have been worth a small fortune.We had lost all hope. 2 weeks had passed when my dad came running in from the garden. We had put up a wildlife camera a few months ago and had caught everything! We got a lawyer on the phone and started our revenge. We got a tree surgeon come out out who told us it was an original specimen brought into the UK in 1860. In addition to the 2 that were in Elvaston castle country park there were 218 around the UK but only 60 now. He also told us to call out an engineer because the roots might be in the foundation so when they rot it could damage the house.  It turns out we would need to redo the foundations because of this. Then we took Joe to court and sued them for damage to property trespassing and emotional damage. The tree would cost 250K replace with a 250 yearold specimen (it's basically impossible) plus the damage to the foundation which was 200K and the 2 oaks which were another 25k. So with the emotional damages added it went to about 500000 (700000). They had to move out.And we have now paid off the mortgage done a lovely loft and kitchen conversion and have basically done up the house and garden.   We have planted a 60yearold sequoia tree in the back garden. We also had our kitchen counter and table made from the old sequoia! We now have a new lovely family living next to us who we share chickens ducks and pygmy goats with (there very nice and I make a fortune babysitting their kids)Sorry for the essayTLDR:New neighbors chop down original sequoia specimen that 200 year old and is of the same tree as all to ones in every signal place of note in the UK. Ends up costing them 500000 (700000)I'm working on the SPaG but I'm dyslexic please tell me where the errors are.thank you so much for the silver Should sue the tree company as well . Cant legally cut trees down on someone else's property. I wanna see the hedgehogs Can we see the hedgehogs! that was a stupid and petty thing for them to do. Part of me feels bad that they will likely be in debt for the rest of their life because of a stupid short sighted decision Holy run on but you get a pass :) Im confused is the entire manor yours or is each attached house someone elses? So uhhhh we were promised hedgehog videos in your edit? :D Thought not fougtShare not shear (unless you were taking clippers to the chickens but I doubt it )Not doing it to be a dick. You asked. I'm helping. In some states in the US you have to pay 3X the value of an illegally removed tree because some trees are irreplaceable like yours The real MVP here is the decision to put up a wildlife camera  what exactly is this? Was it camouflaged? Did the battery last the entire time on holiday? I don't know about the others but I would like to see some hedgehog footage......and possibly some photos of animals....  but I can show footage we got of hedgehogsplease Now I'm not the kind of person that would destroy other people's property or what not. That being said if reddit has taught me one thing it is you most cer3dont fuck with peoples trees. Two questions; what is EK? and what is SPaG? How the fuck do people like this exist? Oh dont mind me Im just gonna chop down this historical tree that doesnt belong to me because I cant have it. Oh then Im gunna stick them with the bill for damages. Like holy shit. These sorts of things are what make me think I should have a camera watching everything at all times. Tree Law is best law. I'd love to see pictures of the counters and table.  Congrats btw. inhales: T T T T TREEEE LAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW So sorry about the sequoias but I've got to ask is it too late for a hedgehog video? Reminds me of that story in /r/legaladvice where the OP went all the way to court because the neighbors deliberately hired a company to remove some of his trees without his consent and bankrupted the company in the process (or something like that). I feel like I'm mixing 2 stories together though... You... shear chickens? Also you slaughtered all your ducks because they got out? I dont understand anything regarding your birds. It's been a while since I've had a hot steamy cup of TREE LAW. I can show footage we got of hedgehogsI would like to see the hedgehogs But what about fixing the foundation due to rotting wood? Post this to r/treelaw for some more attention Please show the hedgehog footage!!!!! How could 200000 have died. I don't know how it works really but the people who cut the trees didn't find that weird the trees were on your property and not on their client's??? Can I get the footage of the hedgehogs please?  Poor trees. So old. Sadly chopped by some bitch. Did you remove the stump with roots or left it there? It might regrow. I dont know much about trees. But may be? We also had our kitchen counter and table made from the old sequoia.this is the best part. I was wondering about shearing chickens. Can we have some tree tax at least? Glad it's a happy ending though. I'm enraged at the fact that they cut it down i would rather redo my house than have one cut dowBut also look up giant sequoia trees 'cause they're f'ing huge and very rareThey deserved what they got How did they have the money to pay? If there is one lesson I've learned from subreddit like this and legaladvice it's that you never under any circumstances fuck with people's mature trees I was told there would be hedgehogs? buys a wildlife camera (looks at small lemon tree from IKEA I planted in my garden 3 years ago)Pathetic Please post footage of the hedgehogs thanks. Crazy stuff.By the way what does EK mean? What a horrible woman. Glad that she got her just desserts. Shearing the chickens? Pretty sure you mean sharing Glad it work out still sad to hear about a tree that old tree dying. I dont understand how the shitty neighbour bears any responsibility for root damage You said hedgehogs? I need this!I am sorry about your majestic tree though. I am glad you got justice but her pettiness should not have come at the cost of another life Thank you for this OP. I was having a rotten morning but your wonderful story gave me a lift! Love it but also sad for giant sequoia. Please share pic of farm animals and hedgehogs in this tough time :) Can I see the hedgehogs ? This is why r/legaladvice always says Dont mess with tree law. I for one would very much like to see the hedgehog footage mentioned in the edit Those poor trees! Glad she got her comeuppance. Its a great day on reddit when we get a good tree law post.I see neighbor cut down my tree and just immediately get excited. Are there no laws in place to prevent companies from cutting down ancient trees to begin with? Considering it was not their own property I would expect there are some legal consequences for the logging company to start work without doing their due diligence. Is that why they gave you the table/counter wood? To avoid additional lawsuits on their company? Did you give them the Nancy Pelosi clap when it was all over? I just want to see the 200 year old countertops  and table Where's the hedgehog footage? Ooh this gave me a great pleasure to read. Thanks stranger for sharing this gem with us. If there is one thing I've learned from r/legaladvice it's that trees are a big fucking deal Can you show pics of the kitchen counter? That is seriously fucked up. I live in California and am absolutely obsessed with our sequoias. My weird lifelong goal is to plant random sequoias around the world. Just to fuck with future generations. I want people to wonder who the fuck put this giant tree here. Wow screw them.  My neighbor hates the trees in my back yard because it covers half their yard in shade.  My family owned this house for three generations and the day they moved in they asked me the cut them down and bring it up every few months.  Each time I dramatically laugh at them. I come from the land of redwoods (skinnier and taller coastal redwoods) and I can't imagine killing anything that magnificent and old out of spite. Especially where they are more of a rare occurrence. They definitely got what they deserve and I hope they regret it every day of their life.Edit: My parents cut down a couple younger trees and gave me a beautiful live edge slab for a home bar top. It's going to make an awesome reminder of home once I move away I love redwood tables. Tree Law is amazing; do not ever fuck with your neighbour's trees. At least describe the footage! If this sub has taught us anything it's that you really shouldn't ever fuck with someone else's tree. Holy shit I bet that tree was beautiful too. Glad you managed to get a new one planted and the bastards got their arses handed to them This reads so fucking terribly Post the video please! Imagine if OP would have bought their house like a boss off of that money Have you ever tried to grow Sequoias from seeds of the trees you have? I'm here for the hedgehogs. I've seen so many of these tree stories on here I just don't believe them anymore. It's easy karma. Tree surgeon? Fuck off. How much due diligence do the tree cutters do when cutting down these super rare trees? Did they even confirm Joe was the owner of the tree? r/witchesvspatriarchy Crimes against the Elders of the forest shall be repaid 10 fold. Any chance you can post a picture of the new tree? Sounds like a wonderful property Did you use voice to text for this? I feel like I can hear your accent coming through and it's hilarious and I love it.Aso I come from the California coast which is one of the last remaining places on Earth where we have those old sequoias. I cannot tell you how deeply the story touches my heart. I'm so happy to hear that you value your trees the way that you should halfway across the world. It's crazy to think of the journey that tree must have taken. I wonder if it came from California! Correlation doesnt grow on tree. Was the bill from a tree service or just from your neighbor? When you got the bill couldn't you have contacted the tree service that did the work and asked them if it had indeed been felled by a storm? Or did they claim that it had and the wildlife camera show that they had cut it down from a standing position? Tree law? Tree law! TREE LAW!!(https://imgur.com/gallery/TJbs0x2) This is some rich people shit. Ruin someone's life because they cut off your tree. Then pretend to be emotionally devastated to get half a million out of it. I can't say i'm not jealous. Hedgehog footage when I'll be honest with you your story broke my heart a little bit.  The depth at which some people will plunge to spite another keep baffling me.Sorry for the loss of that beautiful tree.  Glad to hear some good came of it.Thank you for sharing!P.S. Your text was perfectly legible even with a few typos.  Don't ever let that prevent your from writing. Can you add a description of what was on the footage? row 18 her brats "fought" instead of thought Didnt the tree surgeons wonder why they had to break into the back garden via going through fields round back rather than the front door? Surely this makes it obvious that the house was not hers. This is the wet dream of r/legaladvice If it was Sequoiadendron giganteum how did you make a table out of it? It has a unique fiber deposition which makes it shatter when the tree falls. The only commercial value for them has been toothpicks and shims. They had to put plywood over the stumps to use them as foundations because they were so soft your boot would go through it after a few years (when they used the stumps as house foundations or dance floors). Breve lived in the U.K. but they don't have to show that they own the property before hiring a guy to cut the tree down? They can just hire someone to cut down any tree and they do it? Love this! Seems like loser kids moving into successful parents house after they die happens everywhere. Its especially common in the Bay Area. Loser townie kids just wait for their parents to die and move in to a house they could never afford on their own and act like shitty neighbors. As sad as it is to see a 600 y/o tree go at least it got rid of that pain in the ass family for you not to mention the money to boot. You know that family was going to be a problem for the rest of your life. Whenever I finally buy my own home I'm putting cameras everywhere! I just have to ask. When you say you're babysitting the kids do you mean human kids or pygmy goat kids? I'm hoping it's the baby pygmy kids. What fucking idiots lol 